<|song_start|>
Misunderstood Lyrics

[Intro]
Baby you understand me now
If sometimes you see that I'm mad
Don't you know no one alive can always be an angel
When everything goes wrong, you see some bad
But I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh lord please don't let me be misunderstood

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
As soon as the beat drop
Within two bars, you already said I'm hot
They savor, my fruits of labor
My flow is sweeter than strawberries, oranges, and apricots
God-dammit I raised the standards of the status-quo
To go against me you gotta be more than professional
You got to go extra hard like an erection with no protection
And I be fucking all these bars
We be sexing I'm a nympho
For the instrumentals, all right, I admit it
Matter of fact I got a hot date tonight, real rap
Take this and take that from the machine
Got this money up, with no caffeine
Prepare me is Kerosene struck by a bolt of lightening
You looking at me then you're sight seeing
And what that means is that this human being is fly, don't try to duplicate
I'm authentic, I see you scoping my style like forensics, that is foul
Tech! Leave 'em by the benches

[Chorus]
I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh lord please don't let me be misunderstood

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
I see the future better than your computers
Apple software got the next 10 years scared
I'm Fred Krueger
Rugers on my hip, terminate all intruders
Leave them dead inside the sewers
Shoulda' coulda' knew I was a murderer
Burning up the very sun, the rapture
The god is back, they said he'd come, but I came faster
I'm not an actor, if you play Denzel, you'll be thrown through a windshield
The 9 milli' is handheld, the AK is hands-on
Now the battlefield I can land on one thousand mines and don't blow up because I'm the bomb
Inside your CD deck, duck for cover, guard your neck, I demand respect
If I never see a check, at least I got these rap niggas in check
Preach Tabernacle fetch the holy bible if I'm lying
King of my jungle, swear to remain humble, keep my vision tunnel
Because I don't need to get sidetracked,
my producer name is Sounwave and he gives me beats by the batch

[Chorus]
I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh lord please don't let me be misunderstood

[Verse 3: Jay Rock]
My flow cold, like Aspen
I love to show off when I'm in that Aston
Look I act a ass, but I'm not jack
A east side nigga I can get you popped at
A hundred rounds nigga stop that
You can't make that ass sit or flip-flop back
I'm too gutta nigga top that
This is lyrical homicide, not rap
So don't get it misunderstood
Say my name on your bars, shit I'm in your hood
With 45 goons 45 shugs
Chase your ass upstairs throw you of your roof
I see you big dogs, all I hear is woof
Loud talk, no bite, you niggas is puss
I'm off that bubble kush, thinking about life
Or how to make a mill and spend it all in one night
I just might...

[Verse 4: Kendrick Lamar]
...Snatch your bitch if she got a great appetite
For the top dog catalog, that means everybody
Several bodies on the shoty don't make it eight rappers
Damn I hate rappers, don't call me that
If you called it how you seen it you would call me real rap
I don't fabricate shit, all I do is keep it real
Eat, sleep, and take shits wipe me down if you will
Hold up, big truck, lurkin' with the monster grill
Four fifteens I got beat like Emmett Till
Put me in my g-mode schooling every hot-head
Tell them about the g-code, like eskimos
My arms froze, popsicle
Observing the game, I'm so official
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Kanye West]
This ain't cheddar, this quiche

[Chorus: Don Toliver, Playboi Carti , Don Toliver & Playboi Carti ]
Got a bitch to ride or die
Ride it just like it's on my bike
(Woah-woah)
Do this all to circulate
Fuck her, just feels like you're like
Throw it just so I can ride
Take her just so I can ride (Woah-woah)
Calling just so I can ride
Ride it just how I like my bike
Take her on a field trip
Take her on a race ( Schyeah )
Take her on a trip ( Schyeah )
Take her out her house

[Verse 1: Playboi Carti]
I'm spittin' out venom
The baby not real
, it's not in 'em
Send 'em a letter, I kill 'em
Close that boy door, we dismiss him
I done got too high, just a little
And I'm out my mind, just a little
Red Lambo
',
red Skittle
Double O-5, we criminal
I ain't bought a yacht, bought a missile
Tape on the gun, can't miss 'em
Tape on it
Shake on it, shake on it
Uh, shawty keep fuckin' my bones
Movin' too fast, 'bout to break somethin'
Shawty keep hidin' my phone
You keep doin' that, I'ma break somethin'
Nah-nah-nah-nah-nah-nah-nah-nah-nah,
break somethin'

[Chorus: Don Toliver, Playboi Carti & Ty Dolla $ign ]
Got a bitch to ride or die
Ride it just like it's on my bike
Do this all to circulate ( Do that )
Fuck her, just feels like you're like ( Do that )
Throw it just so I can ride ( Hold up )
Take her just so I can ride ( Hold up )
Calling just so I can ride ( Hold up )
Ride it just how I like my bike ( Hold up , uh-uh )
Take her on a field trip ( Uh-uh )
Take her on a race ( Uh-uh , schyeah )
Take her on a trip
( Uh-uh )
Take her out her house ( Huh )

[Verse 2: Ty Dolla $ign & Kanye West ]
Whippin' that bitch like a rental
Two hundred cash, my bitch say I'm mental
Medical plans, I'm all in her dental
We like a dog, I'm fresh out the kennel
Niggas say, "Gas," they rollin' up fennel
Ain't
on my level, lil' bitch
,
don't reach
Always hollerin' 'bout you rich, we riche
This ain't no regular cheddar, this quiche

[Bridge: Kanye West & Ty Dolla $ign ]
You ain't outside, I wish it was different ( Uh-uh, uh-uh )
You ain't outside, I wish it was different ( Uh-uh, uh-uh )

[Verse 3: Kodak Black]
I'm draggin' my nuts, got my dick out the dirt
Put it right in her butt, got her twerkin' in Turks
If that my lil' bitch, she gon' listen to Durk
In the trenches with her feelin' uncomfortable
I was crushin' on you, now I'm fuckin' on you
Steady bussin' on you, now you love me
Haters gon' say you can just want my lil' paper
But who wouldn't want a nigga with some money?
Dick in her stomach, I'm makin' her vomit
That foreign imported from Saudi Arabia
Like how you riding the dick like a gangster
For Yeezy, you can turn my dealer to an angel
My name just should've been Ty
'Cause dollar signs get my dick wet
Got a bitch high and she out of her mind
Bae on a trip, I done took her to Six Flags

[Chorus: Don Toliver]
Got a bitch to ride or die
Ride it just like it's on my bike
(Woah-woah)
Do this all to circulate
Fuck her, just feels like you're like
Throw it just so I can ride
Take her just so I can ride (Woah-woah)
Calling just so I can ride
Ride it just how I like my bike
Take her on a field trip
Take her on a race (Yeah)
Take her on a trip
Take her out her house
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
I was sitting on the couch, reading yellow paper
A letter in reply, 7 days later after I wrote 'em
"Stay strong, keep your faith in God," what I told him
Hoping that he's listening
Said that they tried to give him like a hundred years
What a coincidence, I was bumping some Plies
I can taste the salt from my tears
As the water had start to flood on my eyes
I know it gotta be hard, being 21 doing time
In the pen and your Gram's old,
your brother's getting older
And the streets is getting colder
And your hoping that he's focused to stay on the right road
Sleeping in a cell
It's been 30 weeks, ain't received any mail
It's cold and the hole stinks
And you can't even blink without niggas testing your life
As I read every word that you write, I can only imagine
Jason Keaton, I can only imagine

[Chorus: JaVonté]
Life's about decisions, man
It's in your hand and you got it
Just take control if you can
It's in your hand and you got it

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Sitting on the couch, that was my Uncle Bobby
After he just got out, 15 years to count
Haven't seen the world in so long
Haven't seen a girl in so long
And before the sun came up, he was gone
Like a fiend off the best rock
Trying to get his life together, or whatnot
Typed his name in the system and they couldn't find his identity
Got it straight, got a place, found some serenity
Found a job, found his Mother's grave site, found a 40 ounce
Then he found God, then he bounced
Then he found a new chick
Two kids, wide hips
Found something in her we didn't see
Found this spot in Pasadena
And shack with her, an investment
Then found guilty, somebody had yelled Domestic
Violence on my Uncle, was working with two strikes
Only out a year, now facing life
I can only imagine
That's fucked up
I can only imagine, Uncle Bob

[Chorus: JaVonté]
Life's about decisions, man
It's in your hand and you got it
Just take control if you can
It's in your hand and you got it

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
Sitting on the couch, thinking about the ratio of blacks in prison
As compact in prison, when blacks pack with minorities; system
Grab more of these 18 year olds
18 year sentence with no parole
The state won't oversee
They make the term severe, a conspiracy?
That's what I call it, it's full of shit
A toilet can help quick, the government help?
No, just put us on death row
Just give us some more guns, then give us some more coke
Then give us another chair, then give us some more rope
Then hang it like "right there, yeah"
It's justice for all, but 90 percent unfair
Care? No
Alcatraz was purchased by a white man
For 5 grand, with intentions to expand
More prisons
So these correctional ain't for rehabilitation, they for grossing a bigger business
Imagine
We're being used
Imagine
The truth shall be told

[Chorus: JaVonté]
Life's about decisions, man
It's in your hand and you got it
Just take control if you can
It's in your hand and you got it
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
I swear you people don't know Kendrick, you don't know him
But you say you want some more Kendrick, I'm 'bout to show 'em
Everything inside this human being, I'm still growing
I'm a premature baby in this crazy life that we adore
Doors on the Lamborghini, I want 'em
Can't afford 'em so I tell the swap meet to clone 'em
I guess I really am a vanity slave
I guess my ancestors turning in they graves
Burning money when I get it, fuck a life savings
Overdraft bank statements, just to make a statement
When I put this fashion on, I'm a fashion junkie
Picking cotton in the country, I bought this out the country
Whips and chains, whips and chains
Jacob know my name, he call me Kunta
You my brother, we come from the same modern world
That's ya girl? I see she rocking Fendi
Try this on
If it ain't upscale then you may offend me
Copping everything in sight, ignoring they sacrifice
Amnesia if I see the black Visa in my hand tonight
I show my dick and then I swipe, that's a punchline
They was hot and I wore ice, that's ironic, huh?

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar & Gucci Mane ]
Word around town that I'm all about the bitches (Woop–woop)
Word around town that I love my 26's (Woop–woop)
Word around town that I gotta stay paid (Woop–woop)
Lord, please forgive me, I'm a vanity slave (Woop–woop)
It's the Gucc, cock and shoot
Found my swag, but lost my roof
(Burr! Burr!)
Lord, please forgive me, I'm a vanity slave
See my Audemar tick, as my Audemar tock
(Woop–woop)
Lord, please forgive me, I'm a vanity slave
(Burr! Burr!)

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Aw man, videos got me wanting hoes
Appetite for flashing lights, all I can do is pose
A black male on Melrose
I should get blackmailed by my people, hell rose
Niggas that ain't had shit for 400 years
Overcompensate by over accessorizing with gear
Man, y'all don't see my vision
I do it for the love of hip hop and the love of bitches
Am I a hypocrite 'cause everyday I'm contradicting?
I think of how I'm living, then I watch "How I'm Living"
I know this can't be right, my conscience tell me to stay righteous
It's unlikely to see what I like and say I don't like it
Biggest dilemma
My priorities ignoring me, I wanna move accordingly
But baby steps are premature, remember?
I'm flying to the South, and I'll be gone 'til November
To see my family tree, but this a shame
I'm yelling out, "Timber"

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar & Gucci Mane ]
Word around town that I'm all about the bitches (Woop–woop)
Word around town that I love my 26's (Woop–woop)
Word around town that I gotta stay paid (Woop–woop)
Lord, please forgive me, I'm a vanity slave (Woop–woop)
It's the Gucc, cock and shoot
Found my swag, but lost my roof
(Burr! Burr!)
Lord, please forgive me, I'm a vanity slave

[See my Audemar tick, as my Audemar tock]
(3998390)
Lord, please forgive me, I'm a vanity slave
(Burr! Burr!)

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar & Gucci Mane ]
Cold, oh, so cold
How ironic, he bought it then sold his soul
Is it masonic for your vice to take its toll?
The remote control is taking control
Lift up the doors
That Lamborghini, I want it come with a dumb ass model that in Vogue's
I like 'em both, I'll wife 'em both
Take these motherfucking Jordan's off, put on my loafs
'Cause nothing goes bad, everytime I wear
(Gucci, Gucci)
I'm getting more ass, everytime I wear
(Gucci, Gucci)
They tell me it's a fad, everytime I wear
(Gucci, Gucci)
But should I give a fuck when it bring me more coochie?
This a young nigga's pedigree, I pray the lord can better me
If not, he 'bout to strike me down like this my third felony
The voices keep on telling me, "Kendrick don't forget about us"
I burned my wardrobe, hoping that I could live without it

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar & Gucci Mane ]
Word around town that I'm all about the bitches (Woop–woop)
Word around town that I love my 26's (Woop–woop)
Word around town that I gotta stay paid (Woop–woop)
Lord, please forgive me, I'm a vanity slave (Woop–woop)
It's the Gucc, cock and shoot
Found my swag, but lost my roof
(Burr! Burr!)
Lord, please forgive me, I'm a vanity slave
See my Audemar tick, as my Audemar tock
Lord, please forgive me, I'm a vanity slave
(Burr! Burr!)
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by DJ Quik]

[Intro: JAY-Z]
Uhh, this feel right right here, Quik
It's like it's supposed to happen, this one right here
Young! Goddamn
Let me justify my thug on this one right here

[Verse 1: JAY-Z]
It goes one o'clock, two o'clock, three o'clock, Roc
Five six seven o'clock, eight o'clock, Roc
11 o'clock, 12 o'clock, the party 'bout to pop
Then, Roc-A-Fella, y'all, it's your boy S. Dot
And I ain't never been to jail; I ain't never pay a nigga
To do no dirt for me I was scared to do myself
I will never tell, even if it means sittin' in a cell
I ain't never ran, never will
I ain't never been smacked; a nigga better keep his hands to himself
Or get clapped for what's under that man's belt
I never asked for nothin' I don't demand of myself
Honesty, loyalty, friends, and then wealth
Death before dishonor, and I tell you what else
I tighten my belt 'fore I beg for help
Foolish pride is what held me together through the years
I wasn't felt, which is why I ain't never played myself
I just play the hand I'm dealt, I can't say I've never knelt
Before God and asked for better cards at times, to no avail
But I never sat back feelin' sorry for myself
If you don't give me heaven I'll raise hell
'Til it's heaven

[Chorus: Sharlotte Gibson]
Justify my thug
For you
My thug (Hoping)
My thug (Praying)
For you
To justify my thug
My thug (Hoping)
My thug (Praying)
For you
For you

[Verse 2: JAY-Z]
Now if you shoot my dog, I'ma kill yo' cat
Just the unwritten laws in rap, know that
For every action there's a reaction
,
don't have me relapsin'
Relaxin's what I'm about,
but about mine
Don't be actin' like you can't see street action
Take me back to
Reasonable Doubt
time
You see my mind's on the finish line, facin' the wreck
I put my muh'fuckin' faith in the TEC, tell Satan "not yet"
You understand I am chasin' my breath
I am narrowly escapin' my death,
oh yes
I am the Michael Schumacher of the Roc roster
Travellin' Mach 5
, barrel in my apparel can stop God
God forgive me, but I can't let them deliver me to you
Until, I won this race, then eventually
My engine gon' burn out, I get whatever is meant for me
However it turns out fine, red line! Hov

[Chorus: Sharlotte Gibson]
Justify my thug
For you
My thug (Hoping)
My thug (Praying)
For you
To justify my thug
My thug (Hoping)
My thug (Praying)
For you
For you

[Verse 3: JAY-Z]
They say "an eye for an eye, we both lose our sight"
And "two wrongs don't make a right"
But when you been wronged and you know all along that it's just one life
At what point does one fight? (Good question, right?)
'Fore you knock the war, try to put your dogs in his ten-and-a-halfs,
For a minute-and-a-half
Bet that stops all the grinnin' and the laughs
When you play the game of life and the win ain't in the bag
When your options is none and the pen is all you have
Or the block, niggas standin' tight as Lemmings on the ave
Tryin' to cop a shop – call theyself cleansin' in the cash
But can't put they name on paper 'cause, then you on-blast
"Mr. President, there's drugs in our residence
Tell me what you want me to do, come break bread with us"
"Mr. Governor, I swear there's a cover-up
Every other corner there's a liquor store, fuck is up?"

[Chorus: Sharlotte Gibson]
Justify my thug
For you
My thug (Hoping)
My thug (Praying)
For you
To justify my thug
My thug (Hoping)
My thug (Praying)
For you
For you
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Ski Beatz]

[Intro]
Uh-huh uh huh uh, gee-gee-geyeah
Peeping, watching, streets
You boys are soft like bread
Uh-huh uh huh uh, live from Brooklyn
Uh-huh uh, the streets is watching
Check it, check, uh-huh uh, check

[Verse 1]
Look, if I shoot you, I'm brainless
But if you shoot me, then you're famous
What's a nigga to do
when the streets is watching, blocks keep clocking
Waiting for you to break, make your first mistake?
Can't ignore it, that's the fastest way to get extorted
But my time is money,
and twenty-five, I can't afford it
Beef assorted like Godiva chocolates
Niggas
you bought it, I pull the slide back and cock it
Plan aborted, you and your mans get a pass
This rhyme, you're operating on bitch time
Y'all niggas ain't worth my shells, all y'all niggas tryna do
Is
hurt my sales, and stop trips to John Meneilly
The type to start a beef then run to the cops
When I see you in the street got one in the drop
When I'd rather be on tour getting a hundred a pop
Taking pictures with some bitches in front of the drop
The streets is watching

[Chorus]
When the streets is watching
Blocks keep clocking
Waiting for you to break, make your first mistake
Can't ignore it

[Verse 2]
Now it's hard not to kill niggas
It's like a full time job not to kill niggas
, can't chill
The streets is watching you
when you froze your arms
Niggas wanna test you when your gun goes warm
Can't get caught with your feet up, got to keep your heat up
Sweet niggas running 'round swearing shit is sweeter
Once you're tagged lame,
the game is
follow the leader
Everybody want a piece of your scrilla, so you gotta keep it realer
Kidnap niggas wanna steal you
Broke niggas want no cash, they just wanna kill ya
For the name, niggas don't know the rules
Disrespecting the game, want you to blow your cool
Force your hand, of course that man's plotting
Smarten up, the streets is watching (it's on)

[Chorus]
When the streets is watching
Blocks keep clocking
Waiting for you to break, make your first mistake
Can't ignore it

[Verse 3]
My street mentality flip bricks forever
Know me and money we like armed co-defendants, nigga we stick together
Shit whatever for this cheddar ran my game into the ground
Hustle harder 'til secret indictment time came around
Now you can look up and down the streets and I can't be found
Put in 24 hour shifts but, that ain't me now
Got a face too easy to trace, niggas mouths got slow leaks
Had to hire a team of workers, couldn't play those streets
See out of space like Mercury, you jerking me? Hectic
Had to call upon my wolves to send niggas the message
It said this, "Let's play fair and we can stay here
I'm trying to transform you boys to men like daycare
Hey, there's money to be made" and niggas got the picture
Stopped playing with my paper and, we got richer
Then hard times fell upon us, half of my staff had warrants
The other half, in the casket lay dormant
I felt like life was cheating me
For the first time in my life I was getting money but it was like my conscience was eating me
Was this a lesson God teaching me? Was he saying that
I was playing the game straight from Hell from which few came back?
Like bad coke, pimp or die, was my mindframe bad?
Was niggas thinking simplify was turning cocaine crack?
Ain't a whole lot of brain to that, just trying to maintain a stack
And not collide like two trains that's on the same track
But get my life together like the oils I bring back
In the bottom of the pot where no water gets hot
Got my transporter take it across the border then stop
To set up shop with a quarter of rock, here's the plan
For three straight weeks, niggas slaughtered the block
But you know the game is food, it fucked up me and my dudes
One drought can wipe a nigga out, faster than the cops
And this unstable way of living just had to stop
Half of my niggas got time, we done real things
By '94 became the subject of half of y'all niggas rhymes
Public apologies to the families of those caught up in my shit
But that's the life for us lost souls brought up in this shit
The life and times of a demonic mind, excited with crime
And the lavish luxuries that just excited my mind
I figured, "Shit, why risk myself? I'll just write it in rhymes
And let you feel me and if you don't like it, then fine"
The mind state of a nigga who boosted the crime rate
So high in one city they send National Guards to get me
Shit, B

[Outro]
What's fuckin' with that?
The streets
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Jay-Z]
Uh, just point out the bounce, uh-huh
Show me the bounce, yeah
Just point out the bounce, geah
Timbo the king, yeah
Young Hov the king, yeah
Just point out the bounce, yes
Just point out the bounce nigga
Yo, listen

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Rumor has it
'The Blueprint'
classic
Couldn't even be stopped by Bin Laden
So September 11th marks the era forever
Of a revolutionary Jay Guevara
Now it's a whole museum of Hov MC'ers
Everybody dupin' the flow—you see 'em
Everybody loopin' up soul
It's like they tryna make
'The Blueprint 2'
before Hov
Shout out to Just Bleezy and Kanyeezy
See how we adjust to the game so easy?
Chicks belly dancin', glancin' every chance they get
Like, "Oh shit, he's so handsome"
Still in demand in the longest run standing
Kidnapped rap–seven years, no ransom
Can't one nigga get it back, no rap
Young Hov's going to Canton, I'ma land ya

[Chorus: Jay-Z]
(Point out the bounce)
I'll show you how to get this dough in
Large amounts 'til it's hard to count
(Point out the bounce)
I turn a eighth to an ounce
To a whole ki to the R-O-C
(Point out the bounce)
Timbo the king, nigga (Uh-huh, woo)
Uh-huh, ay, uh
(Point out the bounce)
Gyeah, young Hov the king, nigga
Uh, I got y'all

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
For those that think Hov fingers' bling-blingin'
Either haven't heard the album,
or they don't know English
They only know what the single is
And single that out to be the meaning of what he's about
And being I'm about my business, not mingling much
Running my mouth, that shit kept lingering
But no, dummy, that's the shit I'm sprinkling
The album with to keep the registers ringing
In real life, I'm much more distinguished
I'm like a bloke from London, England
Gyeah, you jingling, baby
See, I go right back and I bring 'em in, baby
Business mind of a Ross Perot but never lost my soul
Crossed the line, I bought pop across the row
Then I walk through the hood, where they up to no good
Slangin them O's like a real O.G. should
"Oh, he's good"
"No, he would never sell out, he's so hood"

[Chorus: Jay-Z & Kanye West ]
(Point out the bounce)
I'll show you how to get this dough in
Large amounts 'til it's hard to count
(Point out the bounce)
I turn a eighth to an ounce
To a whole ki to the R-O-C
(Point out the bounce)
Timbo the king, nigga (Uh-huh, woo)
Uh-huh, ay, uh
(Point out the bounce)
Gyeah, young Hov the king, nigga
Uh, uh ( Yeah )

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
Magazines call me a (Rock star) girls call me (Cock star)
Billboard (Pop star) neighborhood (Block star)
Chi-Town go-gettin' pimps (We mobsters)
Gingerbread Man even said, "You're a monster!"
Yeah, that's how I feel (Uh-huh)
To be down, you must appeal
To the crew, we're rated R–
–O-C, OG Bobby Johnson, son
Ask me, "Ray-Ray, is that yo' car?"
"I seen MTV, I know who you are"
"You did 'Takeover', do you got beef with Nas?"
I did take over the game, brought back the soul
Got tracks to go, got plaques that's Gold
Platinum to go, yeah, that's the flow
All I know, I gots to blow
And I don't play pause, I'm from Chicago

[Chorus: Jay-Z]
I'll show you how to get this dough in
Large amounts 'til it's hard to count
(Point out the bounce)
I turn a eighth to an ounce
To a whole ki to the R-O-C
(Point out the bounce)
Timbo the king, nigga, uh
(Point out the bounce)
Gyeah, young Hov the king, nigga

[Outro: Jay-Z]
Point out the bounce
Point out the bounce
Point out the bounce
Point out the bounce
Point out the bounce
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by DJ Premier]

[Intro]
Check one, check two
Shit, you know what to do
Preemo,
Cold Crush when I give it to you

[Verse]
Friend or foe, yo? State your biz
Ummm, you tendin' dough? Ah, there it is
Me, I run the show, oh, and these kids
Don't like nobody comin' around here fuckin' with they dough for shit
You enterprisin' though, and I like it
But fuck with the big dogs, yo? I gotta bite ya
Look, it's out of my hands
And you gettin' money 'round here, it's not in the plans
Don't hop yo' ass out of that van, head back to Kansas
I'm sendin' niggas back up in campuses
Chance is slimmer than that chick in Calvin Klein pants is
Let me guess – they said it was money 'round here
And the rest is me stoppin' you from gettin' it, correct?
Sorry to hear that, my guess is you got work at the hotel
I'll take care of that, you'll soon see
Now, please give me the room key
You're twitchin', don't do that, you makin' me nervous
My crew, well, they do pack, them dudes is murderers
So, please, would you put your hand back in sight?
They don't like to see me nervous, you can understand that, right?
You draw? Better be Picasso—you know, the best
'Cause if this is not so? Ah, God bless
You leave me no choice, I'll leave you no voice
Believe you me, son
I hate to do it, just as bad as you hate to see it done
Now calm your boys
'Cause I'm findin' it a little hard to concentrate with all the noise
Get the point? I'll let you go; before you leave
I guess I ought to let you know, I need those keys
And a promise you never, no matter the weather
Ever ever ever ever ever ever come around here no mo' – ha-haha
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Chorus: Kanye West]
I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky
Gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Back when they thought pink Polos would hurt the Roc
Before Cam got the shit to pop
The doors was closed
I felt like Bad Boy's street team: I couldn't work the locks
Now let's go, take 'em back to the plan
Me and my momma hopped in that U-Haul van
Any pessimists, I ain't talk to them
Plus I ain't have no phone in my apart-a-ment
Let's take 'em back to the club
Least about an hour I stand on line
I just wanted to dance,
I went to Jacob an hour
After I got my advance, I just wanted to shine
Jay favorite line: "Dawg, in due time!"
Now he look at me, like, "Damn, dawg! You where I am!"
A hip-hop legend
I think I died in that accident, ‘cause this must be Heaven

[Chorus: Kanye West]
I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky
Gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky

[Post-Chorus: Kanye West]
Now let's take them hi-ah-igh-igh-igh-ighhhh
(Top of the world, baby, top, top of the world!)
A-la-la-la-lah-la-lahhhhh
(Top of the world, baby, on top of the world!)
Now let's take them hi-ah-igh-igh-igh-ighhhh
(Top of the world, baby, top, top of the world!)
A-la-la-la-lah-la-lahhhhh
(Top of the world, baby, on top of the world!)

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Back when Gucci was the shit to rock
Back when Slick Rick got the shit to pop
I'd do anything to say I got it
Damn, them new loafers hurt my pocket
Before anybody wanted K. West beats
Me and my girl split the buffet at KFC
Dawg, I was havin' nervous breakdowns
Like "Man, these niggas that much better than me?"
Baby, I'm goin' on an aeroplane
And I don't know if I'll be back again
Sure enough, I sent the plane tickets
But when she came to kick it, things became different
Any girl I cheated on, sheets I skeeted on
Couldn't keep it at home, thought I needed a Nia Long
I'm tryin' to right my wrongs
But it's funny them same wrongs helped me write this song, now

[Chorus: Kanye West]
I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day you die, you gon' touch the sky
You gon' touch the sky, baby girl, testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day you die, you gon' touch the sky

[Verse 3: Lupe Fiasco]
Yes, yes, yes, guess who's on third?
Lupe steal like Lupin the 3rd
Here like ear 'til I'm beer on the curb
Peachfuzz buzz but beard on the verge
Let's slow it down like we're on the syrup
Bottle-shaped body like Mrs. Butterworth
But before you say another word
I'm back on the block like I'm layin' on the street
I'm tryna stop lyin' like I'm Mumm-Ra
But I'm not lyin' when I'm layin' on the beat,
en garde
Or touché, Lupe cool as the unthawed
But I still feel possessed as a gun charge
Come as correct as a porn star
In a fresh pair steps in my best foreign car
So, I represent the first
Now let me end my verse right where the horns are, like uh

[Chorus: Kanye West]
I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day you die, you gon' touch the sky
You gon' touch the sky, baby girl, testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day you die, you gon' touch the sky

[Outro: Kanye West]
We back at home, baby!
Sky high, I’m, I’m sky high!
I’m, I’m sky high!
I’m, I’m sky high!
I’m, I’m sky high!
I’m, I’m sky high!
Sky, sky high! I’m, I’m sky high!
Yeah, keep it rollin'!
Yeah, uh, feels good to be home, baby!
Feels good to be home!

[Produced by Just Blaze]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Just Blaze]

[Intro: Jay-Z & Bobby Byrd ]
I'm not trying to be no big thing, no, no
You gotta let this one breathe, Just'
Just let it breathe for a second
I'm not trying to give you no advice
Yup! Hovi's home!
The newest addition to the Roc: M.O.P
I don't claim to be no philosopher
"The Blueprint 2" is on its way
I know y'all hear my footsteps out there, I'm coming!
But I sure know, this is life, baby, baby
Let's go get 'em, Just'!

[Interlude: Lil' Fame & Bobby Byrd ]
Time to dump (Fire!)
Dump (Fire!) dump (Fire!) dump (Fire!) dump (Fire!)
You don't know, what you're doing, doing, doing, doing

[Verse 1: Lil Fame & Billy Danze ]
It's the MO-P! (Yes!)
And the ZIP code is 1 (1!) 2 (3!) 3
And motherfucker, we coming
,
100 miles and gunning (Owwww!)
I'm still running with cats that rob
From the era of SL 80s and hatchback Saabs (Same game!)
Operation for this industry lockdown
We still tote hammers that go BLAKOW!
Run up if you wanna
Believe me, dog, these hammers with they owners
Fuck your G up,
have you in blue Pampers, in a coma
And your family now mournin' — look, seventy pounds gone
A little fuck, shriveled up, with a hospital gown on
(We holding it down, homes!)
Keep pushing, we fell bastards
To get over, we grind with slippery shell tactics
Chippety-frail bastards, your tracks need tune-ups
Lil' niglet, what the fuck you recording for? Nick Jr.?
(The game ain't changed!) It just got harder
Plus we sponsored by Laze, Dame Dash and Mr. S dot Carter
Brownsville (Yep!) – we stomp through this bitch all day (Oh)
Rock with my cock out, face the crowd and piss on stage ( Uh, uh, uh )

[Verse 2: Billy Danze, Billy Danze & Jay-Z ]
I'm from the G side of thangs (Oh), where we ride and bang
With a heat that'll flame, that's how we got the name:
(Warriorz!) Embedded in your brains
And someone should be telling 'em the veterans have came
And we're betterin' the game, you better make it rain
(Twenty-seven a gram) My man, it's better than cocaine
Now everything will change and this Family will rule the world
And you haters can eat a dick up 'til you hiccup and 'url
A decade on the grind (Uh) nigga, I paid mine
So it's my time to shine and for you to ride the pine
I won't sit back and rap like these dumbass kids
I been around, I put it down, I ain't these young ass kids
(M.O.P.!) The OGs repped and survived around this motherfucker
(FIRST Family!) We kept it live around this motherfucker (Oh!)
When it's crunch time, we do it our wizzay
Fo' shizzle, my nigga
, learned to grip pistols in BK

[Interlude: Jay-Z]
Woooooo!
Turn my music high, high, high, high-er

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
More fire, more Rocawear attire
Mo' money, mo' murder now that M.O.P.'s hired
Mo' further for the Roc empire, y'all won't serve us
Y'all nervous, know them guns on full service, ready to fire
One body, two body, three body, four
Young sitting on paper, I'm above the law
Young shitting on haters, I ain't fucking with y'all
For all my Brownsville neighbors—"How About Some Hardcore?"
And it just get worser, every time I sign my signature in cursive
Just add another million to these verses
One million, two million, three million, four
And the money's really worthless, I'm pissing you off on purpose
My nephews situated,
and my mama is straight
So I'm ready for whatever drama should come my way
And you niggas rapping to me so your drama is fake
You dudes is noodles, I got more ziti to bake
You dudes is cake, I keep two biscuits on the waist
Razor blades under the tongue, I will eat your face
Appetite for destruction, I am starving today
Got a money-hungry lawyer that'll eat the case
And that's just food for thought, don't let it go to waste
Nigga, bite the bullet until you stuffing your face, ha!
I done forgot more than you ever learned
What you don't know'll make your home a permanent urn, nigga!

[Outro]
Do you believe it?
(Ohhhhh nooooo!) Oh no!
You don't know, what you're doing, doing, doing, doing
Do you believe it?
(Nooo) Oh no!
You don't know, what you're doing, doing, doing, doing
Do you believe it?
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Don’t Understand Lyrics
Released before GKMC, Kendrick Lamar tells the original story about Dave’s brother, which he revisits in “Sing About Me, I’m Dying of Thirst” which samples the same song, Grant Green’s “Maybe Tomorrow”.

[Verse 1]
His eyes bloodshot red
I watched him as he took a fifth of Henny to the head in memory of his brother
Reminiscin' on them playing Sega with each other
He was hurtin', I could see it, plenty tears, no Kleenex
I stood by his side because that was my homie
Gave him a hug, some of his brother's blood got on me
Clinchin' his fist on some angry shit
Stood up, sat back down on the curb and asked me who they be hangin' with
I wasn't sure, so I gave him no answer
But I was sure that he had him a blammer and wanted war
Revenge, what do you say to a good friend
That just lost it and grabbin' choppers out the closet?
I tried my best to make him re-neg
But he was like, "My nig, this feelin' is more than personal"
I stood down
He hopped in a four-door Honda Accord
Before he bent the block, he said, "K-Dot...
"...You wouldn't understand"

[Chorus]
(These streets can turn a kid to killer in minutes Not by choice, but forced to be a menace Can someone just pray for me, oh woe)
Or, at least, try to understand
(The city pressure The AK-47, twin MAC-11s The Desert Eagle shotty and the Smith & Wessons Pray for me, oh woe)

[Verse 2]
Corners become monuments for the dead
Candles on the pavement, postcard read
Rest in peace, the yellow tape blockin' off the streets
A baby mama yellin' at the police
But you don't understand
You figure that we're just a bunch of niggas but the picture here's a story untold
See, this wasn't in our plans
Babies from the late '80s wasn't born crazy, we was raised that way
Put that Malcom X book down, then raise that K
Complete chaos when we off X pills and St. Ides
Look the devil in the face, from a sane eye
Cast the spell on you like Makeelah and the Bee
Every killer in the street is a teen with a corrupted mind
Substance, time, is no longer an issue
We don't have it, so pass the tissue
Then close the casket, kiss the momma when you can
And tell her you understand, but you don't understand

[Chorus]
(These streets can turn a kid to killer in minutes Not by choice, but forced to be a menace Can someone just pray for me, oh woe)
And, hopefully, you'll understand
(The city pressure The AK-47, twin MAC-11s The Desert Eagle shotty and the Smith & Wessons Pray for me, oh woe)

[Verse 3]
He came back fifteen minutes later
He said, "Dot, I went on one, do me this favor
Dump these guns in a safe place, let nobody see you
This as critical as it gets, my nigga, I need you"
I said, "Alright, so what happened?"
"Seen a few niggas slippin' and I just started clappin'
I didn't care who I was hittin'"
That's wild shit, but anyway, I got you
I love you my nigga make sure you hit me up by tomorrow
I woke up the next mornin' with a cold
Allergies got me sneezin' and wipin' my nose when it was leaking
Checked the medicine cabinet, lookin' for some DayQuil
But all I seen was some Aspirin, s'just my luck
I got up, went to Rite-Aid
Hopin' that the pharmacy department had the right aid
I bought it and left
Walked to the parking lot, that's when I seen the faces of death
Said they was lookin' for my man, with a chopper in they hand
Prayin' that it would jam, but you don't understand

[Chorus]
(These streets can turn a kid to killer in minutes Not by choice, but forced to be a menace Can someone just pray for me, oh woe)
I'm tellin' you, do you understand?
(The city pressure The AK-47, twin MAC-11s)
Huh? Do you understand?
(The Desert Eagle shotty and the Smith & Wessons Pray for me, oh woe)

[Outro]
It's like
It's a revolving door
That I've been a part of
My whole life
Fucked up, right?
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced By Kanye West, Mike Dean & Sak Pase]

[Refrain: Flux Pavilion]
I can't stop
I can't stop

[Chorus: Kanye West & JAY-Z ]
This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the Lord
'Til I die, I'ma fuckin' ball
Now who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me, huh?
Who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me, huh?
Black cards, black cars, black on black, Black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag
Black strap, you know what that's for

[Post-Chorus: JAY-Z, Kanye West & both ]
Who gon' stop me, huh?
Who gon' stop me, huh?
Yeah, who gon' stop me?
No brakes, I need State Farm
So many watches, I need eight arms
One neck, but got eight charms
Who gon' stop me, huh?

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Niggas talking, they bitch-made, ix-nay off my dicks-nay
That's Pig Latin, itch-bay, who gon' stop me, huh?
Last night ain't go so well, got kicked up out the hotel
Got a little freaky like Marvin Albert, yes, tell Howard Cosell
You just a commentator if you getting paper
Everybody I know from the hood got common haters
In some relations, you just supposed to say nothin'
Heard she fucked the doorman, well, that's cool, I fucked the waitress
Heard Yeezy was racist, well, I guess that's on one basis
I only like green faces

[Chorus: Kanye West & JAY-Z ]
This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the Lord
'Til I die, I'ma fucking ball
Now who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me, huh?
Who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me, huh?
Black cards, black cars, black on black, Black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag
Black strap, you know what that's for

[Bridge: Kanye West & JAY-Z ]
Y'all weed purple, my money purple
Y'all Steve Urkel, I'm Oprah's circle
I wrote the verse that I hope'll hurt you ( Yeah, yeah, let's go )

[Verse 2: JAY-Z & Kanye West ]
Who gon' stop me, huh?
Beat the odds, beat the feds
It wouldn't be wise to bet against the kid
Start me broke, I bet I get rich
Night shift, six to six
Give me one shot, one pot
I'll show up in all white wearin' no socks
No ceiling, new coupe
They know I'm a dope boy, they don't have no proof
I'm three steps removed,
I know how to move
It's looking like I don't know how to lose
I'm winning again, I'm at the Wynn
I'm at the table, I'm gamblin'
Lucky lefty, I expect a seven
I went through hell, I'm expectin' heaven
I'm owed,
'cause I'm dough, and I stuck to the G-code
I'm here, oh yeah, I promise I ain't goin' nowhere
Okay, here, like a hare, like a rabbit, I like karats
I'm allergic to havin' bunny ears, like broke, like nope
Like ha, I ain't no joke
I can't be stopped, like nope, like nope
Extend the beat, Noah ( And pray to the Lord ), uh

[Verse 3: JAY-Z]
Two seats in the 911, uh
No limit on the Black Card, uh
Told y'all I was gon' go H.A.M., uh
'Til the ocean was my backyard, uh
No lies in my verses, hey
Please pardon all the curses, hey
Shit gotta come in some way, fuck
When you growing up worthless, uh
Middle finger to my old life, uh
Special shoutout to my oldhead, uh
If it wasn't for your advice, uh
A nigga would have been so dead, uh
I'm living life 'til these niggas kill me
Turn this up if you niggas feel me
I'm riding dirty, tryna get filthy
Pablo Picasso,
Rothkos,
Rilkes
Graduated to the MoMA
And I did all of this without a diploma
Graduated from the corner
Y'all can play me for a motherfuckin' fool if you wanna
Street-smart and I'm book-smart
Could've been a chemist, 'cause I cook smart
Only thing can stop me is me, hey
And I'ma stop when the hook start, hold up

[Chorus: Kanye West & JAY-Z ]
This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the Lord
'Til I die, I'ma fucking ball
Now who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me, huh?
Who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me, huh?
Black cards, black cars, black on black, Black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag
Black strap, you know what that's for
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Real friends, how many of us?
How many of us, how many jealous? Real friends
It's not many of us, we smile at each other
But how many honest? Trust issues
Switched up the number, I can't be bothered
I cannot blame you for havin' an angle
I ain't got no issues, I'm just doin' my thing
Hope you're doin' your thing, too
I'm a deadbeat cousin, I hate family reunions
Fuck the church up by drinkin' at the communion
Spillin' free wine, now my tux is ruined
In town for a day, what the fuck we doin'?
Who your real friends? We all came from the bottom
I'm always blamin' you, but what's sad, you not the problem
Damn, I forgot to call her, shit, I thought it was Thursday
Why you wait a week to call my phone in the first place?
When was the last time I remembered a birthday?
When was the last time I wasn't in a hurry? Uh

[Bridge: Ty Dolla $ign]
Tell me you want your tickets when it's gametime
Even to call your daughter on her FaceTime
Even when we was young, I used to make time
Now we be way too busy just to make time
Even for my

[Chorus: Kanye West, Kanye West & Ty Dolla $ign ]
Real friends
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I?
Word on the streets is they ain't heard from him
Uh, I guess I get what I deserve, don't I?
Talked
down on my name, throwed dirt on him

[Verse 2: Kanye West & Ty Dolla $ign ]
I couldn't tell you how old your daughter was (Was)
Couldn't tell you how old your son is (Is)
I got my own Jr. on the way, dawg (Dawg)
Plus I already got one kid (Kid)
Couldn't tell you much about the fam, though
I just showed up for the yams, though
Maybe 15 minutes, took some pictures with your sister
Merry Christmas, then I'm finished, then it's back to business
You wanna ask some questions 'bout some real shit? (Shit)
Like I ain't got enough pressure to deal with (With)
Please don't pressure me with that bill shit (Shit)
'Cause everybody got 'em, that ain't children
Oh, you've been nothin' but a friend to me
Niggas thinkin' I'm crazy, you defendin' me
It's funny I ain't spoke to niggas in centuries
To be honest, dawg, I ain't feelin' your energy
Money turn your kin into an enemy
Niggas ain't real as they pretend to be

[Verse 3: Kanye West & Ty Dolla $ign ]
Lookin' for
real friends ( Real friends )
How many of us? How many of us are real friends
To real friends, 'til the reel end
'Til the wheels
fall off
, 'til the wheels don't spin? ( Yeah, yeah-yeah )
To 3 A.M., callin'
How many
real friends?
Just to ask you a question
Just to see how you was feelin'
How many?
For the last you was frontin'
I hate when a nigga text you like, "What's up, fam? Hope you good"
You say, "I'm good, I'm great," the next text they ask you for somethin'
How many?
What's best for your family, immediate or extended?
Any argument, the media'll extend it
I had a cousin that stole my laptop that I was fuckin' bitches on
Paid that nigga 250 thousand just to get it from him
Real friends
Huh?

[Chorus: Kanye West, Kanye West & Ty Dolla $ign ]
Real friends
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I?
Word on the streets is they ain't heard from him
Uh, I guess I get what I deserve, don't I?
Talked down on my name, throwed dirt on him
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Chorus: PARTYNEXTDOOR & Kanye West ]
I don't feel that she's mine enough
God, I feel I couldn't have you windin' up
Butterfly in my wrist
You make pretty women out of my skin
And I don't feel like
And I know you wouldn't leave

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
They say, "Build your own"—I said, "How, Sway?"
I said, "Slavery a choice"—they said, "How, Ye?"
Just imagine if they caught me on a wild day
Now, I'm on fifty blogs gettin' fifty calls
My wife callin', screamin', say we 'bout to lose it all
Had to calm her down 'cause she couldn't breathe
Told her she could leave me now, but she wouldn't leave

[Refrain: Kanye West]
And I know you wouldn't leave

[Bridge: Jeremih]
And I sometimes wish
We doin' such things
We could wait longer than this
Yes, you know you're one of these
We can run through with the top chopped, yeah
And the sundress down, ooh

[Refrain: Kanye West]
And I know you wouldn't...

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Oh, don't bring that up, that's gon' get me sentimental
You know I'm sensitive, I got a gentle mental
Every time somethin' happen, they want me sent to mental
We had an incident, but I cover incidentals
You want me workin' on my messagin'
When I'm thinkin' like George Jetson
But soundin' like George Jefferson
Then they questionin' my methods then
If you tweakin' out on my texts again
Then I don't get reception here
I got the mind state to take us past the stratosphere
I use the same attitude that done got us here
I live for now, I don't know what happen after here
I live for now, I don't know what happen after here
Plus, what was meant to be was meant to be
Even if, publicly, I lack the empathy
I ain't finna talk about it, 'nother four centuries
One and one is two, but me and you, that's infinity

[Refrain: Kanye West]
And I know you wouldn't...

[Chorus: Choir, PARTYNEXTDOOR & Ty Dolla $ign]
I don't feel like she's mine enough
God, I feel I couldn't have you windin' up
(Why?)
Butterfly in my wrist
You make pretty women out of my skin (Out of my skin)
And I don't feel like (Uhh)
And I know you wouldn't leave
(Love me or hate me)

[Outro: Kanye West & Ty Dolla $ign ]
For any guy that ever fucked up ( Love me or hate me )
Ever embarrassed they girl ( Love me or hate me )
Ever embarrassed they wife ( Gone when you miss me )
She told you not to do that shit ( Ohh )
She told you you's gon' fuck the money up
But you ain't wanna listen, did you?
Keep that same energy
Keep that same energy
Keep that same energy
Now, you testin' her loyalty
This what they mean when they say "For better or for worse", huh?
For every down female that stuck with they dude
Through the best times, through the worst times, this for you

[Refrain: Kanye West]
And I know you wouldn't leave
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Grammy 2016 Performance Lyrics

[Part I: The Blacker The Berry]

[Verse]
I'm the biggest hypocrite of 2015
I'm the biggest hypocrite of 2015
When I finish this if you listenin' sure you will agree
Been feeling this way since I was 16, came to my senses
You never liked us anyway,

[bump]
your friendship, I meant it
I'm African-American, I'm African
I'm black as the moon, heritage of a small village
Pardon my residence
Came from the bottom of mankind
My hair is nappy,
you know that it's big
, my nose is round and wide
You hate me don't you?
You hate my people, your plan is to terminate my culture
You know you're evil
I want you to recognize that I'm a proud monkey
You vandalize my perception but can't take style from me
And this is more than confession
I mean I might press the button just so you know my discretion
I'm guardin' my feelings, I know that you feel it
You sabotage my community, makin' a killin'
You made me a killer, emancipation of a real
higga

[Interlude]
As we proceed
To give you what you need
Trap our bodies but can't lock our minds
Everybody just stop
(The bigger I shoot)

[Hook: Assassin]
I said they treat me like a slave, cah' me black
Woi, we feel a whole heap of pain, cah' we black
And man a say they put me in a chain, cah' we black
Imagine now, big gold chain full of rocks
How you no see the whip, left scars pon' me back
But now we have a big whip, parked pon' the block
All them say we doomed from the start, cah' we black
Remember this, every race start from the block, just remember that

[Interlude]
As we proceed
To give you what you need
Lock our body, can't trap our mind

[Part II: Alright]

[Hook]
We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
We gon' be a-

[Verse 1]
Uh, and when I wake up
I recognize you're lookin' at me for the pay cut
But homicide be lookin' at you from the face down
What Mac-11 even boom with the bass down
Schemin', and let me tell you 'bout my life
Painkillers only put me in the twilight
Where pretty women and women, and it's the highlight
Now tell my momma I love her but this what I like, Lord knows
20 of 'em in my Chevy, tell 'em all to come and get me
Everything I know, karma comin' heavy
No preliminary hearings on my record
Tell em' other gangsters silence for the record
Tell the world I know it's too late
Boys and girls, I think I gone cray
Drown inside my vices all day
Won't you please believe when I say

[Pre-Hook]
Wouldn't you know
We been hurt, down before
When our pride was low
Lookin' at the world, "Where do we go?"
I'm at the preacher's door
They wanna kill us dead, at the preacher's door
We said give 'em some more
This one time, do it fo' sho
But we gon' be alright

[Hook]
We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright (hello)
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright (P!)
We gon' be alright (hello)
We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright

[Verse 2]
What you want, you a house, you a car?
Acres and a mule, a piano, a guitar?
Anything, see my name is Lucy, I'm your dog
You can live at the mall
I can see the evil, I can smell it, I know it's illegal
I don't think about it, I deposit every other zero
Diggin' in my pocket, candy paint it on the Regal
Diggin' in my pocket, ain't a profit big enough to feed you
Everyday my logic get another dollar just to keep you
In the presence of your chico... ah!
I don't talk about it, be about it, everyday I sequel
I don't talk about it, 'bout it, everyday I see
I don't talk about it, 'bout it, everyday I see
I don't talk about it, 'bout it, everyday I see
Pet dog, pet dog, pet dog, my dog, that's all
Pick back and chat, I trap the back for y'all
I rap, I'm black on track so rest assured
My rights, my wrongs; I write 'til I'm right with...
God

[Part III: Untitled 5]

[Verse]
It's been a week already
Feeling weak already
Got me at peak, possibility of what could be
Situation is heavy, I've got to prove
On February twenty sixth I lost my life too
It's like I'm here in a dark dream
Nightmare, hear screams recorded
Say that it sounds distorted but they know who it was
That was me yelling for help when he drowned in his blood
Why didn't he defend himself? Why couldn't he throw a punch?
And for our community do you know what this does?
Add to a trail of hatred
Twenty twelve was taped for the world to see
Set us back another four-hundred years
This is modern day slavery
The reason why I'm by your house
You threw your briefcase all on the couch
I plan on creeping through your damn door and blowing out
Every piece of your brain
'Til your son jumps into your arms
Cut off the engine then sped off in a Wraith
I'm on the dash with my bible in the trunk
Had the vodka on the top
How come I can long time
How come I could make it popular?
Puff on what I want
How come I could make it popular?
Puff on what I want
See I'm living with anxiety
Giving up sobriety
Cussing with his sister
And playing with society
Justice ain't free
Therefore justice ain't me
Try and justify staying, obituary
Why you wanna see a good man with a broken heart?
Once upon a time, I go to church and talk to God
Now I'm thinking to myself
Hollow tips is all I got
Now I'm drinking by myself
At the end of Section Park
Caught you when you walk besides your house
You threw your briefcase all on the couch
I plan on creeping through your damn door and blowing out
Every piece of your brain
'Til your son jumps into your arms
The engine then sped off in a wraith
I said Hiiipower, one time you see it
Hiiipower, two times, you see it
Hiiipower, two times, you see it
Conversation for the entire nation this is bigger than us
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Ty Dolla $ign & Kanye West, DJ Pharris ]
All eyes is on me
Won't tell no lies, won't hold my tongue
Don't cry for me
( This Chicago, nigga )
( I want some Juice )

[Verse 1: Bump J & Lil Durk ]
I don't have no rapper friends
,
I hang wit' The Vultures
Big-ass toaster, hit you with and flip it over
Big ol' nigga, he's a big ol' goofy, Rudy Gobert
Jump off in that lane, you gon' get put on a poster
LaFerrari F8, Lamborghini Roadster
I turn ten bricks into twelve, them birds had a growth spurt
We gon' do some shoppin' later, I'ma need some throat first
I just got some head in a Ghost, then I ghost her
Yeah, yeah, out of here, your boyfriend a gopher
I see him out with her, I prеtend like I don't know her
I can't do no fеatures with you, nigga, it's a "No, sir"
Hardest nigga on Earth, I'm not really from Earth
We don't dial 9-1-1, I let off that chrome first
I put in my own work, better do your homework
I can hear that money callin', I pick up the first ring ( Go, go )
What you gon' charge that old man for that pussy?
Girl, don't hurt me

[Verse 2: Lil Durk & DJ Pharris ]
Iced out all my scammer hoes, boost all they insurance up
Iced out all my ghetto hoes who turned into influencers
Smurkio
, fuck that bitch and leave, I don't care who she fuck
Best shit out her closet, it's hot as hell, she got on Yeezy UGGS
I got moes with me, bump out the feds, mean I got foes with me
You got goofies with you, before I do that, I keep some hoes with me
Askin' for my gun when I'm in Cali', nigga, this your city
Why you DM'in' my bitch actin' like we fucked? These hoes below-silly
Street niggas want ramen, I don't like calamari
Took her out that cheap shit, took her to Bvlgari
Never tell her, "Sorry," this car a Ferrari
Off set with this Cuban link, you think she was Cardi
(Go)
( This Chicago, nigga, go )

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
Three gang leaders with me all times
I don't know who I fucked last night, I got Alzheimer's
I don't know who them hoes is, man, they all lyin'
Brody, tell me who them hoes is, man, they all fine
Hunnid' hooligans
, and we with the foolishness
How I'm anti-Semitic? I just fucked a Jewish bitch
I just fucked Scooter's bitch and we ran her like Olympics
Got pregnant in the threesome, so whose baby is it?
Whose baby is it?
My niggas puttin' belt to ass, pull up with the switches
This ain't Jimmy Butler, but the heat got extensions
This ain't Columbine, but we came in with the trenches

[Verse 4: Ty Dolla $ign & Kanye West ]
She askin' me to aim for her neck, 'cause her boyfriend bought that necklace
( With the trenches )
Precious
( With the trenches )
Fuck it, I scratched another nigga woman up off my checklist
( With the trenches )
I've been livin' reckless
I wish Takeoff wasn't there that night in Houston, Texas
( With the trenches )
Wish I could bring G.Ca$$o back, that was my best friend
Chordz, I need you to give me somethin' big, I'm talkin' 'bout dollar signs
Skinny Pimp flow, tell the ho, "No, I don't wanna fuck"
She can suck-suck-suck it 'til she suck it dry
California nigga with some European freaks
Bad-ass bitch from the Middle E-E-E-East wanna lick on me
Stick on me even though I got security
Even though she got a man, she know he ain't as pure as me, seriously
Soon as I get back, tradin' in my Urus for the Puro' keys
Couple grey hairs up in my beard, that's showin' my maturity, yeah
Ayy, shoutout to my symphony
9th Ave, Spaced Out, we did that shit so differently and brilliantly
Dolla $ign, Iggy, and we birth YG
Fades in the backyard, no talkin', take flight instantly
Ayy, Nate 3D, boot up my nigga, James Koo
My nigga, that's D.R.U.G.$
She snortin' that P out the D
She want me to put some of this coke in her butt, ugh
She Russian, I beat up the pussy for Ukraine
Bought her a bag and I filled it with loose change
Just saw my ex and she told me that, "You changed," yeah, yeah, yeah
Dolla'd done rather be fuckin' it up
Still screamin', "Free TC, Melly, and Thug"
Fuck the police, the DA, and the judge
Way out in Saudi, I found me a plug
Don't wanna go out, she'd rather do drugs
Can't be my main if we met in the club, ooh

[Outro: 211]
Give me somethin', bitch, I'm talkin' 'bout dollar signs
Look here, ho, I don't wanna fuck, here's a buck, with a buck, buck, buck
I'm shootin' game to light that—
Give me somethin', bitch, I'm talkin' 'bout dollar signs
Look here, ho, I don't wanna fuck, here's a buck, with a buck, buck, buck
I'm shootin' game to light that—
Game to light that—
Game to light that—
Game to light that-game to light that-game to light that—
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Ab-Soul & Kendrick Lamar ]
C4, K.Dot, let's get it (DJ Dave)
Yeah, Punch wanted me to come right in on the one
I didn't want to
(DJ Ill Will)
I love this beat
I love it so much, I can just listen to the instrumental
And don't rap
But I won't do that

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Light an incense for little Kendrick, little, oh, Kendrick
Determination, my drive is like a thousand convertible engines
My adrenaline pump the blood of a warrior, chump, the apprentice
Grown to be a man, 21 now, my heart in my hand
Don’t get gunned down, I’m from Compton, bitch
Fuck a 6-4, we hit the kill switch
The other day I seen my nigga Snows in the casket
Darker skin tone, you can only imagine
The type of shit we on, murdered them dumb bastards
Kill 'em inside their kitchen
And then stuffed them inside their cabinets
Death before dishonor, put that on my mama
I'mma ride till I see the promise land, that’s a promise
Llamas in the unfamiliar minivan
More drama only make more problems, but

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
They gotta get shot down
'Cause we riding, we riding, we riding
They gotta get shot down
'Cause we riding, we riding

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Like a black rodeo, .44’s, calicos
Chop 'em up, stop 'em up like a stuffy nose
We supposed to be brothers, motherfuck ya
Tuck your tail, bitch, hell is waiting on ya
While I’m praying on ya
Not on my knees though, I mean preying on ya
I gotta feed, ho, and your death is nutritious to my appetite
After I eat, you’re sure to see afterlife
Jesus Christ, forgive me for my sins
Because when you forgive me, I’m sure to sin again
I guess I’m a sinner, especially when I found out somebody killed my nigga
Nigga, does anybody killer, fuck your creed, race, or color
Son, daughter, sister, mother, brother gotta suffer
Bitch, I’m cold hearted, till my arteries freeze
Please hand me the keys to the G-ride
They outside then

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
They gotta get shot down
'Cause we riding, we riding, we riding
They gotta get shot down
'Cause we riding, we riding

[Verse 3: Punch with Kendrick Lamar ]
Somebody get ready for a murder
No more further announcements
Mac-11 bouncing, the murder scene, coroner, yellow tape surrounding
Either I retaliate or find self counseling
Somebody got to die, simple mathematics
Semi-automatic, watch them niggas panic and their hearts perish
Or let's be diplomatic and less melodramatic
Everything is vanity, think Ecclesiastic
But what’s it all for, or what’s it all mean?
An eye for an eye means you and I won’t live to see
As our hearts bleed, we proceed cautiously
Shoot them niggas down consciously, that’s how

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
They gotta get shot down
'Cause we riding, we riding, we riding
They gotta get shot down
'Cause we riding, we riding
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
And this is for the homies
I'm talking bout the swap meets, Rollie
Chain-wearing niggas with the white tee
Baby tell the truth, yeah you know we...

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Somebody get ready to pass me the hit of that endo, I'm tryna get blown
I'm tryna get turned up like the fifteens in my Cadillac Brougham
Looking for E.T. to phone home
Tadow,
the flavor I kick reminisce the good days
Thinking back when we used to run in the swap meet for the Rollie chains
Pro Club t-shirts, whiter than Anglo-Saxons
Make it a 1X-Tall, crispy with the cotton fashion
That's fashion if you come where I'm from
Compton California, One love to the murder capital under the sun
Young niggas running around the street with heat bigger than me
But I don't trip, I still dip like salsa to a chip
Rolling down Rosecrans to scoop up my man, A-Mack
He talking about some foolishness on how we can pick up on some hoes, believe that
And so I scooped him round 3:30, Telling me it's all good
Tiger Woods, Now we looking for the birdy birdies
Stopped at the sto' to get some rubbers
Pulled up on the breezies, Well what do you know? I think they love us

[Hook]
And this is for the homies
I'm talking bout the swap meets, Rollie
Chain-wearing niggas with the white tee
Baby tell the truth, yeah you know we got it going on
And if you feel good (hey)
Raise your hands high and throw up your hood (hey)
Represent the city like you know you should (hey)
I want to make sure that you understood we got it going on
(Is that right? Is that right?) We got it going on
(Is that right? Is that right?) We got it going on
(Is that right? Is that right?) We got it going on
(Is that right? Is that right?) We got it going on

[Verse 2]
As I continue my day, quite copacetic
Headed to my momma's house to see what them greens are talking bout, hungry as hell
Had the right grub, I bail, need some gas
ARCO station on Avalon, a relative hit me up as he rolled past
We used to stand in line for Jordans, excited we got 'em
Rocking platinum FUBU jeans with rubber bands tied to the bottom
Throwback jerseys, Chamberlain and James Worthy was two of my favorites
I might pull out the green Larry Bird on special occasions
But anyway I'm steady coasting, smoking on that Hiroshima
Ashtray got a million roaches, I'm focussed but feeling good
The homies hanging on {?} and Monte Carlos
Impalas and Tahoes, shoot something nigga, break that fifty
I'm grabbing the city like I'm supposed to
Making my presence felt like Christmas day, what can I say?
Every vocal is spoken with the wisdom of a G
If you can't relate then please have a seat

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
So, wherever you located, won't you let it be known
And put on for the soil of which you was grown
I put on like brand new Chuck Taylors
While giving you cuts like fresh tapers
I'm such a fool with it, go nuts
You bullshitting like Tuck, the bounce then untuck
The bounce then throw up, a rare jewel, you duck
Take 'em to school I must, this for the cool in us
This ain't for you, so what?!

[Hook]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Justin Vernon]
I shoot the lights out
Hide 'til it's bright out
Oh, just another lonely night
Are you willing to sacrifice your life? ( Ah )

[Verse 1: Rick Ross]
Bitch, I'm a monster, no-good bloodsucker
Fat motherfucker, now look who's in trouble
As you run through my jungles, all you hear is rumbles
Kanye West samples, here's one for example

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Gossip, gossip, nigga, just stop it
Everybody know I'm a motherfuckin' monster
I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands at the concert
Profit, profit, nigga, I got it
Everybody know I'm a motherfuckin' monster
I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Uh, the best living or dead hands down, huh
Less talk, more head right now, huh
And my eyes more red than the devil is
And I'm 'bout to take it to another level, bitch
Matter who you go and get, ain't nobody cold as this
Do the rap and the track, triple-double, no assists
And my only focus is stayin' on some bogus shit
Arguin' with my older bitch, actin' like I owe her shit
I heard the beat, the same raps that gave the track pain
Bought the chain that always give me back pain
Fuckin' up my money so, yeah, I had to act sane
Chi nigga, but these hoes love my accent
Chick came up to me and said, "This the number to dial
If you wanna make your number one your number two now"
Mix that Goose and Malibu, I call it "Malibooyah"
Goddamn, Yeezy always hit 'em with a new style
Know that motherfucker, well, what you gon' do now?
Whatever I wanna do, gosh, it's cool now
Know I'm gonna do, ah, it's the new now
Think you motherfuckers really, really need to cool out
'Cause you'll never get on top of this
So, mami, best advice is just to get on top of this
Have you ever had sex with a pharaoh?
Ah, put the pussy in a sarcophagus
Now she claiming that I bruised her esophagus
Head of the class and she just won a swallowship
I'm livin' in the future so the present is my past
My presence is a present, kiss my ass

[Chorus: Kanye West, Kanye West & JAY-Z , JAY-Z ]
Gossip, gossip, nigga, just stop it
Everybody know I'm a motherfuckin' monster
I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands at the concert ( Yeah )
Profit, profit, nigga, I got it
Everybody know
I'm a motherfuckin' monster
I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands

[Verse 3: JAY-Z]
Sasquatch, Godzilla, King Kong, Loch Ness
Goblin, ghoul, a zombie with no conscience
Question, what do these things all have in common?
Everybody knows I'm a motherfuckin' monster
Conquer, stomp ya, stop your silly nonsense
Nonsense, none of you niggas know where the swamp is
None of you niggas have seen the carnage that I've seen
I still hear fiends scream in my dreams
Murder, murder in black convertibles, I
Kill a block, I murder the avenues, I
Rape and pillage your village, women and children
Everybody want to know what my Achilles heel is
Love, I don't get enough of it
All I get is these vampires and bloodsuckers
All I see is these niggas I made millionaires
Millin' about, spillin' they feelings in the air
All I see is these fake fucks with no fangs
Tryna draw blood from my ice-cold veins
I smell a massacre
Seems to be the only way to back you bastards up

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Gossip, gossip, nigga, just stop it
Everybody know I'm a motherfuckin' monster
I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands at the concert
Profit, profit, nigga, I got it
Everybody know I'm a motherfuckin' monster
I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fuckin' hands

[Verse 4: Nicki Minaj]
Pull up in the monster, automobile gangsta
With a bad bitch that came from Sri Lanka
Yeah, I'm in that Tonka, color of Willy Wonka
You could be the king, but watch the queen conquer
Okay, first things first, I'll eat your brains
Then I'ma start rocking gold teeth and fangs
'Cause that's what a motherfuckin' monster do
Hair dresser from Milan, that's the monster 'do
Monster Giuseppe heel, that's the monster shoe
Young Money is the roster and a monster crew
And I'm all up, all up, all up in the bank with the funny face
And if I'm fake, I ain't notice 'cause my money ain't
So let me get this straight, wait, I'm the rookie?
But my features and my shows ten times your pay?
50K for a verse, no album out
Yeah, my money's so tall that my Barbies got to climb it
Hotter than a Middle Eastern climate, violent
Tony Matterhorn, dutty wine it, wine it
Nicki on them titties when I sign it
That's how these niggas so one-track-minded
But really, really, I don't give an F-U-C-K
"Forget Barbie, fuck Nicki, sh-she's fake"
"She on a diet," but my pockets eatin' cheesecake
And I'll say, bride of Chucky, it's child's play
Just killed another career, it's a mild day
Besides, Ye, they can't stand besides me
I think me, you, and Am' should ménage Friday
Pink wig, thick ass, give 'em whiplash
I think big, get cash, make 'em blink fast
Now look at what you just saw, this is what you live for
Ah, I'm a motherfuckin' monster!

[Outro: Justin Vernon & Charlie Wilson ]
I, I crossed the limelight
And I'll, I'll let God decide, 'cide
And I, I wouldn't last these shows
So I, I am headed home ( Headed home )
I, I crossed the limelight
And I'll, I'll let God decide, 'cide ( No )
And I, I wouldn't last these shows
So I, I am headed home ( Head home )
I, I crossed the limelight ( No, the limelight )
And I'll, I'll let God decide, 'cide
And I, I wouldn't last these shows
So I, I am headed home

[Produced by Kanye West, Mike Dean & Plain Pat]

[Video directed by Jake Nava]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Kanye West & Theophilus London ]
All day, nigga
Dance, ayy, ayy-ayy-ayy

[Chorus: Kanye West]
All day, nigga
How long you niggas ball (Ball)? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How many runners do you got on call? All day, nigga
Swish, swish, how long they keep you in court? All day, nigga
Take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high? All day, nigga
You already know I’m straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south, south side! All day, nigga

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
This Ye, nigga
Shoppin' for the winter and it’s just May, nigga
Ball so hard, man, this shit cray, nigga
And you ain't gettin' money 'less you got eight figures
For that Jesus piece, man, I've been saved, nigga
Just talked to Farrakhan, that's sensei, nigga
Told him I've been on ten since the 10th grade, nigga
Got a middle finger longer than Dikembe, my nigga, uh
I don't let 'em play with me
I don't let 'em talk to me no kind of way
Uh, they better watch what they say to me
Niggas still gettin' popped on the day to day
Yeah, I still got the hundred with the small face, nigga
Might spend 50 racks on my off day, nigga
You a fake Denzel like the Allstate nigga
If you run into me, better have Allstate with yah
You a Rico Suave nigga
Ride 'round listen to Sade, nigga
If you ain't with us, you in our way, nigga
You an actor, you should be on Broadway, nigga
'Cause you do shit the broad way, nigga
Your bitch got a ass, but my broad way thicker
Late for the class, in the hallway, nigga
Yeah, the dropout at it as always, nigga, as always
All day, nigga

[Refrain: Allan Kingdom]
I took a young sweet breath, and I reached into my Earth
Gave him what I had left
At that moment, I dispersed
At that moment, I dispersed

[Chorus: Kanye West]
All day, nigga
How-h-how long you ball? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How long it take you to get this fly, fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high, high? All day, nigga
Pour some Hen' out for my niggas that died, all day, nigga
And I keep a bad bitch on the passenger side, all day, nigga
You already know I'm straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south, south side! All day, nigga

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I could do this all day, boy (Woo), I'm finna turn this bitch out
They need that Ye in the streets, boy (Woo), there's been a mothafuckin' drought
Don't really matter what I make, boy (Woo), you know I still go wild
Like a light-skinned slave, boy (Woo), we in the mothafuckin' house
Right now, you lookin' real sus right now
I swear I've been on this flight like a month right now
Stupid niggas gettin' money, Forrest Gump right now
Shout-out to Jackie Chan, I need to stunt right now
They've been lookin' at the 'Gram, I've been lookin' at the Grammys
Like, huh, that's us right now (Right now)
24/7, 365 days, everybody gettin' paid (Go crazy)
Niggas lookin' at me like I'm worth both MJs
People saying, "Ye, Ye, take it easy"
Twenty Gs for the Yeezys off of eBay
Niggas do the most and they ain't done shit
Only way I can sum it up, sumbitch

[Bridge: Theophilus London & Kanye West ]
Hands up, hands up, hands up
Hands up, hands up, hands up
So won't you dance? Ayy, ayy-ayy-ayy
All day, nigga

[Refrain: Allan Kingdom]
I took a young sweet breath, and I reached into my Earth
Gave him what I had left
At that moment, I dispersed
At that moment, I dispersed

[Break: Kanye West]
Get low, alright
Get low, alright
What up? Alright, alright
Stay low, alright
Stay low, alright
Stay low, alright
South, south, south side! All day, nigga

[Guitar Interlude: Paul McCartney]
Whistling

[Outro: Paul McCartney]
Well, well, well, let me run (Let me run)
Let me run to see who came undone
You've been right in my face
Let me run 'til you're off my case
Woah-woah, woah-woah
Woah-woah, woah-woah
Woah-woah, woah-woah
Woah-woah, woah-woah

[Produced by Velous, Kanye West, Diddy and Charlie Heat; Co-produced by Mike Dean, French Montana and Noah Goldstein; Additional production by Plain Pat, Travi$ Scott, Allen Ritter & Mario Winans]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Verse 1: Kanye West & Fivio Foreign ]
Okay, now they got me, wanna rap again
Heal the wound and then you stab me in my back again ( Uh )
You the type to play the joke and try to hide your hand ( Uh )
Not the type to come around and try to play your friend ( Bomb )
You the type to cut the grass and snake your bestest man
I'm the type to close the deal and cut my **** in
See me in person, I look like a ghost ( Grr )
See me in person, I look like a ghost ( Bow )
You wanna come in and play with the G.O.A.T ( Bow )
You wanna come in and play with the G.O.A.T ( God body )
All you rap **** sound like me, can't tell who is who
You got no real identity, can't tell you from you
Price went up ( Yeah ), angel investor ( Yeah )
Price went up ( Uh ), angel investor ( Yeah )

[Chorus: Kanye West & Fivio Foreign ]
Okay, okay, I'm not okay
Think they're good, it's not okay
Okay, okay, not okay ( Uh )
Think they’re good, get out the way ( Uh )

[Verse 2: Lil Yachty]
Who said I did what? What did they do?
Why the hell you hatin' so damn hard? Someone must pay you
They don't keep me 'round 'cause I'm straight truth
My dawg locked up, had more home runs than Babe Ruth (Boom)
Had them chickens cleanin' my house, I told them, "Be of use" (Brr)
If I see disloyalty, then we gon' cut 'em loose (Yeah)
Havin' my hands 'round her neck, grip tight like a noose (Hee)
Tell you a story with a bad ending 'cause I'm not a Seuss (Yeah, bih')
Passin' 'round **** to the thugs for an immunity boost (Go)
Double cup filled to the top with the serenity juice (Yessir)
Moment of silence, R.I.P to Juice (Yeah, hey)
If they say it's up, it's up, I don't need a truce (Damn)
Everything I do is solely for the broken youth (Sheesh, yes)
I just took her over the mountain with my index (Wow)
She told me to go to Hell like I ain't been yet (Yuh)
And I still put in overtime like I ain't win yet

[Chorus: Kanye West & Lil Yachty ]
Okay, okay, I'm not okay ( Yuh )
Think they're good, it's not okay
Okay, okay, not okay
Think they're good, get out the way

[Verse 3: Rooga]
Yeah, it's been plenty times you closed the door on me
That **** really show me how much you say you a bro to me
Showed you love and you constantly cold-shouldered me
But ain't no goin' back to fixin' up, that's the older me, yeah
I'm done with all the fake ****, I had enough of that, yeah
I done had too many **** stab me in the back (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
They say they with you, but they really puttin' on a act
That's when **** hit the fan and all of a sudden, all the facts show
You gotta chin up and show a **** tough love
Let 'em go without you, just to show 'em what it was
We was so close, you would've thought we was blood
We got the same pain, we come from the mud
I swear this **** make me wanna put my all in it, yeah
You can hear the pain 'cause I put my heart in it, yeah
Most of these **** ain't real, they don't wanna see me winnin', no
Most of these **** ain't real, they don't wanna see me winnin', no

[Chorus: Kanye West & Rooga ]
But it's okay, we gon' be okay
Only show up when we cut the cake ( Oh, yeah )
Showin' love but we okay ( We okay )
Find God 'fore it's too late
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Kanye West; Co-Produced by Jeff Bhasker]

[Intro: Choir]
All of the lights
Lights, lights
All of the lights

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need, want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

[Post-Chorus: Elly Jackson & Rihanna]
Fast cars, shooting stars
All of the lights, all of the lights
Until it's Vegas everywhere we are (All of the lights)
If you want it, you can get it for the rest of your life
If you want it, you can get it for the rest of your life

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Somethin' wrong, I hold my head
MJ gone, our nigga dead
I slapped my girl, she called the feds
I did that time and spent that bread
I'm heading home, I'm almost there
I'm on my way, heading up the stairs
To my surprise, a nigga replacing me
I had to take him to that ghetto university

[Pre-Chorus: Kanye West]
(All of the lights), lights
Cop lights, flashlights, spotlights
Strobe lights, street lights (All of the lights, all of the lights)
Fast life, drug life, thug life
Rock life every night (All of the lights)

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need, want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Restraining order, can't see my daughter
Her mother, brother, grandmother hate me in that order
Public visitation, we met at Borders
Told her she take me back, I'll be more supportive
I made mistakes, I bumped my head
Them courts sucked me dry, I spent that bread
She need her daddy, baby, please
Can't let her grow up in that ghetto university

[Pre-Chorus: Kanye West]
(All of the lights), lights
Cop lights, flashlights, spotlights
Strobe lights, street lights (All of the lights, all of the lights)
Fast life, drug life, thug life
Rock life every night (All of the lights)

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need, want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

[Bridge: Kid Cudi]
Gettin' mine, baby
Gotta let these niggas know, yeah
Gettin' right, babe
You should go and get your own
Gettin' mine, baby
Gotta let these niggas know, yeah
Gettin' right, babe
You should go and get your own

[Verse 3: Fergie, Rihanna & Drake ]
Unemployment line, credit card declined
Did I not mention I was about to lose my mind?
And also was about to do that line
'Kay, okay, you know we going all the way this time
We going all the way this time
We going all the way this time
We going all the way this time
We going all the way this time

[Chorus: Choir]
Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need, want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

[Outro: Alicia Keys & Elton John ]
Woah, woah
( I tried to tell you, but all I could say was oh )
Woah, woah
( I tried to tell you, but all I could say was oh )
Woah, woah
( I tried to tell you, but all I could say was oh )
Woah, woah
( I tried to tell you, but all I could say )
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Kanye West]
Ooh, ooh
Keep my spirit alive
Keep my spirit alive, alive

[Chorus: Kanye West]
More than anything
You can take it all, but the Lord on my side
Spirit won't die, die
Oh, oh, my life
Is in His hands, so I don't stress, I pray and strategize

[Verse 1: Westside Gunn]
Yo
Flushed the work just in time and they raided, thank God (Thank God)
Screamin' through the GT roof like ****, we done made it, thank God (Thank God)
Hundred-round drum didn't jam when my shooter tried to spray it, thank God (Thank God)
Couple thousand grams, got two thousand grands when we weighed it, thank God (Thank God)
I was facin' fifteen and I beat it (And I beat it)
Just spent about twenty up at Neimans (Up at Neimans)
Did two hundred in a Demon (In a Demon, skrrt)
I'm the illest **** and I mean it (And I mean it)
My homie droppin' bodies for no reason (Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom)
Now his kids see him on the weekends (Ah)
Got the baking soda for the remix (Remix)
Millionaires on, I can see it

[Chorus: Kanye West]
More than anything
You can take it all, but the Lord on my side
Spirit won't die, die
Oh, oh, my life
Is in His hands, so I don't stress, I pray and strategize

[Verse 2: Conway the Machine]
Yeah, don't hate me, 'cause my heart is full of love
No weapon formed against me 'cause I'm covered in the blood
Layin' in the hospital when I got shot, fam
Mama prayed for me, said she left it in God's hands, yeah
So I'ma leave it in God's hands
Everything I'm doin' now is God's plan
Doctor said I wouldn't walk no more, now I stand
Then I ran, here I am, Machine

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Keep my spirit alive, alive
More than anything
You can take it all, but the Lord on my side

[Verse 3: Kanye West & Dem Jointz ]
Well, between a mix of bad schools with the fast food
Bad had tools and a bad mood
If you don't turn to a lil' Gotti, they gon' drain all the strength in your lil' body
They turned me into a lil' Gotti, uh, yeah
Not Wakanda but Wakanda is kinda like what we 'bout to make
And who gon' make it? Kan', duh
Who the squad? Donda
Who the mom? Donda
Who can see? Don, duh, get Don C
Who needs practice? I don't do rehearsals
And I don't do commercials, 'cause they too commercial
Give it all to God and let Jesus reimburse you
She said "You in the studio with who? I'ma hurt you"
How I'm forty-two and you got a curfew?
How nerves
dictate how they
gon' curve you?
Quiet all the cordialness
We
walk in God's spiritual ordinance
We know
the Blacks, the orphans
refused to be runaways
Rebel, renegade, must stay paid

[Chorus: Kanye West]
More than anything
You can take it all, but the Lord on my side
Spirit won't die, die
Oh, oh, my life
Is in His hands, so I don't stress, I pray and strategize
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Little Beaver sample & Jay-Z ]
Ohhhhhhhhhhh, I like the party life!
(Break out the red lights)
(Welcome to the party life)
The big city in bright light
(Welcome to the 70's)
The pretty girl dressed in the skintight
(Sweeeet)

[Verse 1]
Ordered some Patreezy, while talking to this breezy
Brushing off my three-piece, I make this look too easy
So tall and lanky, my suit, it should thank me
I make it look good to be this hood – Meyer Lansky
Mixed with Lucky Lefty, gangster effortlessly
Papa was a rolling stone, it's in my an-ces-try
I'm in a whole 'nother league, niggas never catch me
And I sport fly shit, I should win the ESPY

[Sample]
When you're blue, and got nothing to do
Welcome to the party life
If you're feeling low, we got to see the glow
Head into the party life

[Jay-Z over sample]
Hahahah... baby, I said "I-I sport, fly shit, I should win the ESPY"
I'm really in another league, babe
I got a slick mouth, you might wanna roll with me

[Verse 2]
I'm on the bra strap, she's on my dick
Ain't nothing wrong with that, that's my biiitch!
I be the boss of that, I'm on her shit
So all you niggas fall back, I'll split ya wiiig
She's my little quarterback, ya dig?
'Cause I'm all that in the sack, yeah, ya dig?
I spoiled her, foiled it if you faking Jack
She's used to million dollar vacations
Fuck y'all gon' do with that?

[Sample]
When you're blue, and got nothing to do
Welcome to the party life
If you're feeling low, we got to see the glow
Get into the party life

[Jay-Z over sample]
Aye, baby, see?
When you're used to filet mignon
It's kinda hard to go back to Hamburger Helper
It's your choice though, baby
Head into the party life

[Interlude]
(Is you rolling, rolling, rolling?)
Yeah, baby, is you rolling?
Head into the party life
You can stall out or ball out
(Is you rolling, rolling, rolling?)
Make a choice
(​​​​​​​​Heading, heading to the party life)
It's so gangster, baby

[Verse 3]
Sipping on my vino got me cooler than Pacino
And De Niro put together, my real life is like
'Casino'
They should pay me for some B-roll
Taking G-strolls through the ghee-tto
When rap-pap-pap-pid fire's just a necessary evil
Hola Ho-vi-to, cooler than ze-ro
Be-low, fresh – one blade, no chemo
Art with no easel – please, it's no equal
Your boy's
'Off the Wall'
, these other niggas is Tito

[Sample]
Ohhh... I like the party life!
The city in bright lights
Little girls dressed in the skintight

[Jay-Z over sample]
Damn! Aye, baby, I said I'm
"I'm
'Off the Wall'
– I'm like a young Michael Jackson
These other niggas is Tito"
Shout out to Randy, heh heh heh
Real talk!

[Sample]
When you're blue, and got nothing to do
Welcome to the party life
If you're feeling low, we got to see the glow
Head into the party life

[Jay-Z over sample]
I'ma just let this ride out
I might let it ride out for like seven minutes
You can groove to it, whatever
Get your two-step - AOWWW!
Guru, turn the lights down
Let's keep it smooth
This that shit you roll up, like a lil' tight J to
Sip your lil' wine, whatever your vice is, y'know
Whatever you like to do
Get into your comfort zone, baby, get into yo' comfort zone

[Sample]
When you're blue, and got nothing to do
Welcome to the party life
If you're feeling low, we got to see the glow
Head into the party life

[Jay-Z over sample]
Head into the party life
I don't even want it to stop though, f'real though

[Verse 4]
Step into my bedroom, I–call it the red room
'Cau-'cause it gets hot hot hot hot... I trust you gon' like it
See, why are we talking all this fly shit?
'Cau-cau-cau-cau-cau-'cause I'm the flyest
Hovito, baby – no equal, baby
Sold perico, beat the RICO, now I'm leg-al, ba-by
Hovito, baby – no equal, baby
Sold perico, beat the RICO, now can we go crazy?

[Sample]
When you're blue, and got nothin to do
Welcome to the party life
If you're feeling low, we got to see the glow
Head into the party life
You know, nothing in the world makes me sadder
Than to see a lonely person
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Tim Westwood Freestyle Lyrics
The first part of this freestyle is the second verse of “County Building Blues”—the GKMC bonus track.
The second part is the first verse of “m.A.A.d city.”

[Verse 1]
Rollin’ in a broken Mitsubishi with no AC
And a couple stolen TV’s and a seatbelt for my safety
Play the passenger,
I think it’s five years after eighty-
Seven, do that math, 92, don’t you be lazy
I’m looking out the window, notice all the essentials
Of a block party that stopped for a second
Then it rekindled like the flame from a trick candle
Everybody got dental insurance, ‘cause we bout to floss
You get the couch I sent you?
I heard that from a block away, probably had credentials
Of a scholar, but should not today
Them Dayton spokes was his to take
Refrigerators, barbecue pits, and Jordan kicks
They did invasions while helicopters recorded it
Hello, my
Mr. Myiagi
, I want them Kenwood Woofers
Say that you got me
If not, I’ll dig in your drawer for it
The swap meet was the bullseye like a Taurus is
Murder was the melody, you should know what the chorus is
You really telling me we can just get some more of it if we run out?
He said “Lil nigga, today the poor is rich”
Don't tell your mom that you seen a molotov bomb
And if she asks, just know that you have to lie
And son, don’t forget:
You from Compton

[Verse 2]
Brace yourself, I take you on a trip down memory lane
This is not a rap on how I’m slinging brick and moving cane
Cul de sac and plenty Cognac in major pain
Not the drill sergeant, but the stress that’s weighing on your brain
It was me, O-Boog and Yaya
Lucky, ride down Rosecrans
Ugly, waving yo hand out the window, brace yourself, uh
Warriors and Conans
Euphoria can slow dance
Society, the driver seat, the first one to get killed
Light skinned nigga with his brains blown out
At the same burger stand where (mmm) hang out
Now this is not a tape recorder saying that he did it
But ever since that day, I was looking at him different
That was back when I was nine
Joey packed a nine
Pakistan on every porch, it’s fine
We adapt to crime
Pack a van with four guns at a time
Sliding door, fuck is up?
Fucking shooting forth, if you ain't walking up, you fucking punk
Picking up the fucking pump
Picking off you suckers,
suck a dick
Die a sucker punch,
a ball of bullets coming from
AK’s, AR’s, Aye y’all; duck
That’s what Mama said when we was eatin’ that free lunch
Aw man, god damn, all hell broke loose
You killed my cousin back in ‘94, fuck yo truce
Now crawl yo head in that noose
You wind up dead on the news
And no peace treaties just peace and BG’s appearing to prove
Bodies on top of bodies, IV’s on top of IV’s
Obviously the coroner between the sheets like the Isleys
When you hop on that trolly, your color’s correct
Make sure each corporate knows they’ll be calling your mother collect
Now, what you expect?
My life is a threat
Good kid, m.A.A.d. city
Life or death, is you with me?

[Outro]
Tim Westwood, what's up
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Sample, Jay-Z ]
Its like finding feathers on a housecat
Lemme take yall somewhere else right now
It's like searching for a needle in a haystack
Lemme get y'all to zone out wit' me, man
(Its a'ight, don't be scared)
Take y'all niggas left and center (zone out wit')
Bullshit

[Hook: Sample]
I hear the people talk (I hear y'all)
Whistling when you walk (Y'all hear me)
Your kind is hard to find
Darling, I'm glad you're mine
I hear the people talk (I hear y'all)
Whistling when you walk (Y'all hear me)
Your kind is hard to find
Darling, I'm glad you're mine

[Over Chorus: Jay-Z]
Y'all niggas should twist up sumthin
Real real real tight right here
Zone out wit' ya boy
If you don't smoke, grab you something to drink
Mix it up right
If you don't smoke or drink
Man, just light up an incense, fuck it
Close ya eyes
Vibe wit' a nigga
I want y'all to really hear me

[Verse: Jayz, Sample ]
I speak through music, I reach you dudes
We can get deeper in the dirt than cleat shoes
I refuse to lose
I peep you creeps three months in advance
I see right through ya, judas
The man that I am
and
damn you don't know
The harder you go at me the harder I flow
Let's do this
I'm just a mirror reflectin' your image
The minute you switch up your face I pick up the pace
There's nothin' to it
Pull hammers from my waist
We can clap at this amateur pace
If that's what's crackin'
Or we can play this on "All Madden"
(Step it up, nigga)
Can you even fathom not havin' a fear in the world
I'm cool in my afterlife
If I'm readin' these chapters right
Please what have you, I breeze through Matthews
Bleed if I have to, you cowards die a thousand deaths
Fake fucks face-down on your housing steps
Are y'all even gettin' this message?
I ain't bein' aggressive
But if you testin' my life then, shit, I gotta answer
Gotta cut off the cancer, young'n, pull your pants up
You gettin' too big for ya britches
You fuckin' wit' a dude that did it wit' digits
Breathing's a privilege
Don't you know when you're defeated?
Won't you though? Throw in the towel
I'm better with vowels
I'm a man of principles; damn-near invincible
In my own mind now that my soul's aligned
I didn't know before now my role's defined:
Take hold and control what's mine
Come and get me!
Come and take my life, you comin' wit me
Come and try to take me for granted
I'll take you off this planet
Dammit, man this is a gift from God, this ain't happenstance
And your arms are too short to box
Plus we knuckle up unorthodox
You can't take me off my grind, get off my cock
Whatchu thought? It's the Roc
I hear the—
I hear the—
I hear the—
Back in the mix of the scuffle
Since '86 I was sick with the hustle (Woo!)
Get a couple of chicks to touch you (Woo!)
Feather-weight fucker dont ever hate on the brothers (Uh)
Hah, just playin' with you niggas, I'ma stop now
I ain't gotta sell another record in my life
The Blueprint 2, baby! (Mm-hmm)
See y'all in November (Oh shit!)

[Hook: Sample]
I hear the people talk (C'mon)
Yes sir and when you walk (C'mon)
Your kind is hard to find
Darling, I'm—
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Rick James & James Brown ]
Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya, look at ya
Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya, look at ya
Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya, look at ya
Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya, look at ya ( Ladies and gentlemen, ladies, ladies and gentlemen )

[Pre-Chorus: Kanye West]
And I always find, yeah, I always find something wrong
You been puttin' up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Let's have a toast for the douchebags
Let's have a toast for the assholes
Let's have a toast for the scumbags
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
She find pictures in my email
I sent this bitch a picture of my dick
I don't know what it is with females
But I'm not too good at that shit
See, I could have me a good girl
And still be addicted to them hoodrats
And I just blame everything on you
At least you know that's what I'm good at

[Pre-Chorus: Kanye West]
And I always find, yeah, I always find
Yeah, I always find something wrong
You been puttin' up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Let's have a toast for the douchebags
Let's have a toast for the assholes
Let's have a toast for the scumbags
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can

[Bridge: Kanye West & Rick James ]
Run away from me, baby
Ah, run away
Run away from me, baby ( Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya )
Run away
When it starts to get crazy ( Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya )
Then run away
Babe, I got a plan, run away as fast as you can
Run away from me, baby
Run away
Run away from me, baby ( Look at, look at, look at, look at, look at, look at, look at ya )
Run away
When it starts to get crazy ( Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya, look at ya )
Why can't she just run away?
Baby, I got a plan
Run away as fast as you can ( Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya )

[Verse 2: Pusha T]
Twenty-four seven, three sixty-five, pussy stays on my mind
I-I-I-I did it, alright, alright, I admit it
Now pick your next move, you could leave or live with it
Ichabod Crane with that motherfuckin' top off
Split and go where? Back to wearing knockoffs?
Haha, knock it off, Neimans, shop it off
Let's talk over mai tais, waitress, top it off
Hoes like vultures, wanna fly in your Freddy loafers
You can't blame 'em, they ain't never seen Versace sofas
Every bag, every blouse, every bracelet
Comes with a price tag, baby, face it
You should leave if you can't accept the basics
Plenty hoes in the baller-nigga matrix
Invisibly set, the Rolex is faceless
I'm just young, rich, and tasteless, P

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
Never was much of a romantic
I could never take the intimacy
And I know I did damage
'Cause the look in your eyes is killing me
I guess you knew of that advantage
'Cause you could blame me for everything
And I don't know how I'ma manage
If one day, you just up and leave

[Pre-Chorus: Kanye West]
And I always find, yeah, I always find something wrong
You been puttin' up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Let's have a toast for the douchebags
Let's have a toast for the assholes
Let's have a toast for the scumbags
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can

[Outro: Kanye West]

[Non-Lyrical Vocals]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Vent (Original) Lyrics

[Verse 1]
(Bitch)
Have you ever been punched in your motherfuckin' face?
What you say? Oh, you haven't? Alright, wait, bitch (Yeah)
I want the fade (I want the fade)
Give me my fade, I want the fade
I need the fade, I need my-
We gotta fade
Give me my fade (Fade)
We gotta fade (Fade)
Give me my fade, I want the fade
I, I need the fade, fade
Run me my fade, fade
I can't please everybody, not even me
I wanna please God, but my issues too deep
Bless up, gotta change my number every week
Enemigo, I got 'em hot, I got 'em greased
Shut the fuck up, can't you see my daughter sleep?
Shut the fuck up

[Chorus]
Servin' up a look, dancin' in the drought
"Hello" to the rain man, never losin' count
Ventin' in the safe house, ventin' in the safe house

[Verse 2]
Can I vent all of my truth? I got nothin' to lose
I got problems in pools, I can swim in my faith
Cameras movin', whenever I'm movin'
The family suin' whatever I make
Murder his stackin', the president actin'
The government taxin' my funds in the bank
Homies attracting the feds when I'm brackin'
Look at my reaction, my pupils on skates (Woah, woah)
Everything jaded (Jaded)
Team on "Go", let's get it (Get it)
Green gon' grow like veggie (Veggie)
Casino on my debit (Debit)
Fuck your rhetoric, fuck your leverage
Chain no evidence, pass go, motherfuck Confederate
Flags on the back of the medicine
Distributed and peddled in ghettos and
Fuck your heritage, fuck your brainwash
Detergent, internet urgent
Time travel in purges, every man and virgin
Fuck chatterin' sermons
Fuck your church propaganda, only God know the answer
We oblige in the copacetic, manic camouflage
Like a sheep so we slide through the cancer, lies and deceit
Vibe like a Phantom, dodgin' police and paramedic retreats
Wanna fuck y'all up for tellin' me "Your life was the one I want"
Been sellin' me concepts ever since I swung
From out of the pro tongue, dedicated myself for recreation
I rest my case, won

[Chorus]
Servin' up a look, dancin' in the drought
"Hello" to the rain man, never losin' count
Ventin' in the safe house, ventin' in the safe house
Servin' up a look, dancin' in the drought
"Hello" to the rain man, never losin' count
Ventin' in the safe house, ventin' in the safe house
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Just Blaze]

[Intro: Jay-Z]
Ugh, ugh, yessir!
Just the sound of his voice is a hit, hehe
Y'all niggas got me really confused out there
I make "Big Pimpin'" or "Give it 2 Me," one of those –
Y'all hail me as the greatest writer of the 21st century
I make some thought-provoking shit, y'all question whether he fallin' off
I'ma really confuse y'all on this one
Follow!

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
When them tops come down, chicks' tops come down
Like when them shots come out, make cops come around
When them blocks come out, I can wake up a small town
Finish off the block, then I make my mall rounds
Stares get exchanged, then the fifth come out
The tough guy disappear, then the bitch come out
"That's him!" I'm usually what they whisper 'bout
Either what chick he with, or his chip amount
'Cause I been doin' this since
CHiPs
was out
Watchin' Erik Estrada, baggin' up at the Ramada
Table full of powder, A/C broke
'Bout to take another shower, on my
25th Hour
Spike Lee's everywhere, game or the flight
You might see me anywhere, a day in the life
Only thing changed–the tail number on the flight
I can touch down and take off the same night
I'm so bossy, bitch, get off me
Trick, get off me, you can't get shit off me
I'm so flossy, no 6's on Sprees
Laid-back, Maybachs, don't even talk to me

[Chorus: Jay-Z]
This is that ignorant shit you like
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick, plus ice, c'mon
I got that ignorant shit you love
Nigga, fuck, shit, maricón, puta, and drugs, c'mon
I got that ignorant shit you need
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick, plus weed, c'mon
I'm only tryna give you what you want
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, you like it—don't front!

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
They're all actors
Lookin' at themselves in the mirror backwards
Can't even face themselves
Don't fear no rappers, they're all weirdos, De Niros in practice
So don't believe everything your earlobe captures
It's mostly backwards – unless it happens to be as accurate as me
And everything said in song, you happen to see
Then, actually, believe half of what you see
None of what you hear, even if it's spat by me
And with that said, I will kill niggas dead
Cut niggas short, give you wheels for legs
I'm a K-I-double-L-E-R, see y'all in Hell
Shoot niggas straight through the E.R.
–
whoa!
This ain't B.R., no
It's S.C., C.E.O. – the next Lyor? No
The next leader of the whole free world
And the first thing I'ma do is free Sigel—go!

[Verse 3: Beanie Sigel]
Ugh, take off the cuffs, unlock the gate
It's that ignorant nigga that you love to hate
The '07 Ice Cube, B. Sig' so rude
Tell a trick, "Get these nuts, eat dick like food"
Now see if I care if this verse get aired
Even if you mute it, the curse is there, yeah
I'm so raunchy, bitch, get off me
Keep my flea collar on, you little ticks get off me

[Verse 4: Jay-Z]
I missed the part when it stopped bein' 'bout Imus
What do my lyrics got to do with this shit?
'Scarface'
the movie did more than Scarface the rapper to me
Still, that ain't to blame for all the shit that's happened to me
Are you saying what I'm spittin'
Is worse than these celebutantes showin' they kitten? You kiddin'?!
Let's stop the bullshittin'
'Til we all without sin, let's quit the pulpittin'
'Scarface'
the movie did more than Scarface the rapper to me
Still, that ain't to blame for all the shit that's happened to me
Let's stop the bullshittin'
'Til we all without sin, let's quit the pulpittin', c'mon

[Chorus: Jay-Z]
This is that ignorant shit you like
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick, plus ice, c'mon
I got that ignorant shit you love
Nigga, fuck, shit, maricón, puta, and drugs, c'mon
I got that ignorant shit you need
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick, plus weed, c'mon
I'm only tryna give you what you want
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, you like it—don't front!

[Outro: Jay-Z]
It's only entertainment! Heh heh heh
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Just Blaze]

[Intro: Jay-Z]
Is he a Blood, is he Crip?
Is he that, is he this?
Did he do it? Y'know, ehh
Look

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
If I shoot you, I'm brainless
Different toilet, same shit, and I'm sick of explainin' this
I'm waitin' on arraignment, my nigga is the plaintiff
Yeah, I know what you thinkin' - fucked up ain't it?
I shoulda known better, and I planned to
But dog they be takin' me out of my zone like a nigga with a handle
I sat back and watched it, put the Gats back in the closet
They tried to tie my hands like an Iraqi hostage
Let niggas take shots at me, no response
I just flip and, pop my collar like the Fonz
You give a nigga a foot, he'll take you one step beyond
He'll try to play you twice, the third time is the charm
You wanna conversate with the writer of the Qu'ran
Or Old Testament, don't test him then
I know what y'all thinkin' dick, pause
Your future's my past, I've been here before
I know when you're schemin', I feel when you plottin'
I got, mental vision, intuition
I know where you goin' I read your mind's navigational system
Everybody whisperin' - pst pst pst ss perspirin'

[Chorus: Jay-Z]
When the, streets is talkin', niggas is gossipin'
Bitches all in your shit, what's the cause of it?
I need to know... geah geah
Yeah yeah yeah, yeah...

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
You see me with a bodyguard that means police is watchin'
And I only use his waist to keep my Glock in
But when shit goes down you know who's doing the poppin'
And if you don't know, guess who's doin' the droppin'
S dot again, y'all got him in a bad mood
Bad move; that's bad news
How many times have I got to prove?
How many loved ones have you got to lose
Before you realize that it's probably true?
Whatever Jigga say, Jigga probably do
Shit, I paid my dues, I made the news
I came in the door for dolo, blazed the crews
And the streets say Jigga can't go back home
You know when I heard that? When I was back home
I'm comfortable dog, Brooklyn to Rome
On any Martin Luther, don't part with your future
Don't ever question if I got the heart to shoot ya
The answer is simply too dark for the user
And as a snot-nose they said that he got flows
But will he be able to drop those before the cops close in?
'Fore the shots froze him, and he's dead and gone
From what the block has spoken, my God
Everybody stressin', who's his baby's moms?
Who he got pregnant, let me tell you, ahh...

[Chorus: Jay-Z]
When the, streets is talkin', niggas is gossipin'
Bitches all in your shit, what's the cause of it?
I need to know... chicka-uh-ah, ah-chk-ah-uh-ah
Chicka-ch-ah, chk-ah-ah-ah
When the, streets is talkin', niggas is gossipin'
Bitches all in your shit, what's the cause of it?
I need to know.. gi-gi-gi, geah yeah uh, yeah yeah uh
Yeah, yo, yo

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
I seen my first murder in the hall, if you must know
I lost my Pops when I was eleven, mmm, twelve years old
He's probably somewhere where the liquor is takin' it's toll
But I ain't mad at you dad, holla at your lad!
I grew up pushin' snowflake to niggas that was pro-base
The stress'll take a young nigga, give him a old face
All I did was smoke joke, think and drink
Copped 'caine and complained, front row watch game
I seen niggas before me, with a chance to write they own script
Slip up and change the story
I seen young niggas go out in a blaze of glory
Before reachin' puberty, scared a nigga truthfully
I took trips with so much shit in the whip
That if the cops pulled us over the dog a get sick, sniff
Smell me, nigga? The real me, nigga, minus the rumors
Holla if you feel me, nigga

[Verse 4: Beanie Sigel]
The streets is not only watchin' but they talkin' now?
Shit, they got me circlin' the block before I'm parkin' now
Don't get it twisted, I ain't bitchin', I'm just cautious now
Sub, under the parka, extra cartridge now
Hit his click Sig' up you fell at it you're dense
I get word to the street like Bell Atlantic and Sprint
I feel the vibes and I hear the rumors
But fuck it, I'm still alive and I'm still in Jumu'ah I know 'stafALLAH
Niggas wanna press me, put my back to the wall
But pressure bust pipes I know, I spat it to y'all
To know me's to love me, you see me, can't be me, hate this
Fuck you, I got guns like Neo in Matrix
Cross the Family, think Mac's sweet like Karo
Or soft like Play-Doh
, get knocked off like
Fredo Corleone
They find you with a hole in your dome
I roll with niggas that'll follow you and go to your home
Thought you ball, but nigga you fall to my defense
Catch you while you reachin'
Clip you then I cross you then I'm leavin'
Apply full court pressure
Like .44 Taurus get you out of here, pull pressure
To the trigger, bullets fly in three's
You forever rest under bullshit, dirt, lies and leaves
I do bullshit, dirt, tell lies then leave
Look in my eyes, realize it's Beans
Niggas wanna despise the team; 'til I play head coach
And straight up, divide they team
Trade they man for some pies and a couple of things
'Til the bullet.. ah, motherfuckers!! Yeah..
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Real 92.3 Freestyle Lyrics
On the eighteenth anniversary of the The Notorious B.I.G.’s passing, Kendrick Lamar goes in on several beats from the Do-or-Die, Bed-Stuy legend’s catalogue on L.A.’s Real 92.3.

[Verse 1]
You never knew a plug, plug, plug, a plug like this
Sophisticated gangsta, watch me thug like this
Snatch your, uh, in a club like this
Seven zeros, need my pub like this
Stuck in a rock in a hard place
I am thinkin' I won't bump y'all up, well, I am
I got to get my thing off
My style come from Devin the Dude, Kurupt, 2
And James Brown with his fist crossed
I fluctuate the vocals like Prince Rogers
Whoever thought a billionaire come out of Compton?
Multiply simple logic, it's rules you can follow
If Dre ain't motivation, I don't know who is
Gift and a curse, maybe them shoes is too big
Or maybe I'm too pessimistic to know I'm gifted
Chasin' hood rat brownie points and bullshittin'
I dropped the four on 'em, scrapin', hopped a four on 'em
Grab my dick and pour on 'em
Yeah, homie, I'm still talkin' that whoop-de-whoop
Hoppin' out on my enemies, I know who to shoot
Back when my homies where I need to be
Such a familiar sceneries, I smell the gun smoke
I watched a homie watch his son smoke
I seen the sun set on my set
I seen one 'Ru and one Loc, one slip and one played him close
Everythin' subject to change
Nowadays, the Compton Crip car kill each other
Faster than an opposite color
Homies whack out everythin', you're dead, homie
It's your mother, your uncle and brother
If God was a Loc, he'd probably had one comin'
Damn, that's fucked up, I guess it is
When you can't trust not a soul inside these streets
I made a video out there in Copenhagen, so the homies can see
To let 'em know it's more than just Pamela Lee
They said, "Good looking"
Paused the video the moment his phone ring
That fast dollar was his only problem
No matter how many times I showed him the Eiffel Tower
The block was home and Africa was too far for power
Then I knew

[Bridge]
And you don't and you don't and you don't
And you don't and you don't and you don't
And you don't and you don't and you don't
And you don't and you don't stop

[Verse 2]
This feelin' is unmatched
This feelin' is brought to you by adrenaline and good rap
Black Pendleton ball cap
We don't share the same synonyms, fall back
Been in it before Internet had new hacks
My innocence limited, the experience lacked
Ten of us with no tentative tactic that cracked
The mind of a literate writer, but I did in fact
You admitted it once I submitted it wrapped in plastic
Remember scribblin', scratchin' diligent sentences backwards
Visitin' freestyle cyphers for your reaction
Now I can visit a stadium, pack it the fastest
Gamblin' Benjamin benefits, sittin' in traffic
Spinnin' women in cartwheels, linen fabric on fashion
Winnin' in every decision
Kendrick is master and mastered it
Isn't it lovely how menace has turned attraction?
Pivotin' rappers, finish your fraction, runnin' pure magic
Thank God for rap, I will say it got me a plaque
But what's better than that? I know everything
I know everything, I know myself
I know morality, spirituality, good and bad health
I know fatality might haunt you
I know everything, I know Compton
I know street shit, I know shit that's conscious, I know everything
I know lawyers, advertisement and sponsors
I know wisdom, I know bad religion, I know good karma
I know everything, I know history
I know the universe works mentally
I know the perks of bullshit, that isn't meant for me
I know everything, I know cars, clothes, hoes and money
I know loyalty, I know respect, I know those that's hungry
I know everything, the highs to lows to groupies and junkies
I know if I'm generous at heart, I don't need recognition
The way I'm rewarded, well, that's God's decision
You know, they know that from Compton School District
I give it to the kids, don’t gossip ‘bout how it was distributed
I, I, I know how people work, I know the price of life
I know how much it’s worth, I know what I know and I know it well
Not to ever forget until I realized I didn’t know shit
Big Boy, what’s up?

[Bridge]

[Verse 3]
I don’t give a butt about no politics in rap
My little homie Stunna Deuce ain’t never comin' back
So I got to go hard every time I jump on wax
Bump what they talking ‘bout, this here is where it’s at
Look, I came in this game, I stuck my fangs in this game
I wore no chain in this game, my hood, my name in this game
Now I double up, time to bubble up the bread and huddle up
I’m stickin' to the scripts like, “Yeah, 'em Benjamins can cuddle up”
I skip, hop, I drip-drop, I flip-flop with them white tube socks
It go sherm sticks, watch me burn this
That’s what the chronic smell like when them chemicals mix
Fifty-homie salute, I’m out to Compton Zoo with the extras
El Cos, Monte Carlos, Road Kings and dressers
Rip Ridaz, P-Funkers, Mexicans that eff with me
Nobody can eff with me, tell y'all to eff with me
Jumpin' out the Caddy, uh, just got my dick sucked
The little homies called
They said, "The enemies done cliqued up"
Oh yeah? Puto want to squabble with mi barrio?
Oh, yeah? Tell 'em they can run it for the cardio
Oh, yeah? Everythin' is everythin', it's scandalous
Slow motion for the ambulance, the project filled with cameras
The LAPD gamblin', scramblin', football numbers slanderin'
Homie’s name on paper, you snitched all summer
The streets don’t fail me now, they want to put the game in town
From Compton to Congress, it’s set trippin’ all around
Ain’t nothin' new but a flow of new DemoCrips and ReBloodlicans
Red state versus a blue state, which one you governin’?
They give us guns and drugs, call us thugs
Tell me they profit to fuck with you
Nobody can fuck with you, Obama said, "What it do?"

[Bridge]
Can I get one more?

[Verse 4]
Everybody want to talk about who this and who that
Who the realest and who wack, who white or who black
Critics want to mention that they miss when hip hop was rappin’
Motherfuck if they did, then a nigga'd be platinum
Y’all priorities are fucked up, put energy in wrong shit
Hennessy and Crown Vic, my memory been gone since
Don’t ask about no politician at award shows
No, don’t ask about my, hoes, no, don’t ask about my foes
'Less you askin' me about power, yeah, I got a lot of it
I’m the only nigga next to Snoop that can push the button
Had the Coast on standby
“K. Dot, what up? I heard they opened up Pandora’s box”
I box ‘em all in, buyin' land stock
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: 070 Shake]
Fallin', dreamin', talkin' in your sleep
I know you want to cry all night, all night
Plottin', schemin', findin'
Reason to defend all of your violent nights
Promise me you will see

[Chorus: 070 Shake]
Don't you grow up in a hurry, your mom'll be worried, aw
It was all part of the story, even the scary nights
Thank you for all of the glory, you will be remembered, aw
Thank you to all of the heroes of the night (Night, night)
They gotta repaint the colors, the lie is wearin' off
Reality is upon us, colors drippin' off
Colors drippin' off

[Verse: Kanye West]
Niggas is savage, niggas is monsters
Niggas is pimps, niggas is players
'Til niggas have daughters, now they precautious
Father, forgive me, I'm scared of the karma
'Cause now I see women as somethin' to nurture
Not somethin' to conquer
I hope she like Nicki, I make her a monster
Not havin' ménages, I'm just bein' silly
I answered the door like Will Smith and Martin
Nigga, do we have a problem?
Matter fact, Marlon, this ain't
Meet the Fockers
I'll beat his ass, pray I beat the charges
No, Daddy don't play, not when it come to they daughters
Don't do no yoga, don't do pilates
Just play piano and stick to karate
I pray your body's draped more like mine
And not like your mommy's
Just bein' salty, but niggas is nuts
And I am a nigga, I know what they want
I pray that you don't get it all at once
Curves under your dress, I know it's pervs all on the net
All in the comments, you wanna vomit
That's your baby, you love her to death
Now she cuttin' class and hangin' with friends
You break a glass and say it again
She can't comprehend the danger she in
If you whoop her ass, she move in with him
Then he whoop her ass, you go through it again
But how you the devil rebukin' the sin?
Let's pray we can put this behind us
I swear that these times is the wildest
She got the scars, they serve as reminders
Blood still on her pajamas
But yesterday is dead, yeah, moment of silence
Next, she'll be off to college and then at the altar
'Cause she know that niggas is savage, niggas is monsters
Niggas is pimps, niggas is players, 'til niggas have daughters
Niggas is pimps, niggas is players, 'til niggas have daughters

[Chorus: 070 Shake & Ty Dolla $ign]
Don't you grow up in a hurry, your mom'll be worried, aw
It was all part of the story, even the scary nights
Thank you for all of the glory, you will be remembered, aw
Thank you to all of the heroes of the night (Night, night)
They gotta repaint the colors, the lie is wearin' off
Reality is upon us, colors drippin' off
Colors drippin' off

[Outro: Nicki Minaj]
I'm saying it like...
"I want a daughter like Nicki, aw, man, I promise
I'ma turn her to a monster, but no ménages"
I don't know how you saying it, but let 'em hear this
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Mike Dean & Paul McCartney]

[Video by Spike Jonze]

[Verse 1]
As I lay me down to sleep
I hear her speak to me
Hello 'Mari, how ya doin'?
I think the storm ran out of rain, the clouds are movin'
I know you're happy, ‘cause I can see it
So tell the voice inside ya head to believe it
I talked to God about you, he said he sent you an angel
And look at all that he gave you
You asked for one and you got two
You know I never left you
‘Cause every road that leads to Heaven's right inside you
So I can say

[Chorus]
Hello, my only one, just like the mornin' sun
You'll keep on risin' 'til the sky knows your name
Hello, my only one, remember who you are
No, you're not perfect but you're not your mistakes

[Verse 2]
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Oh, the good outweighs the bad even on your worst day
Remember how I'd say
Hey, hey, one day, you'll be the man you always knew you could be
And if you knew how proud I was
You'd never shed a tear, have a fear, no, you wouldn't do that
And though I didn't pick the day to turn the page
I know it's not the end every time I see her face, and I hear you say
[ Chorus ]
Hello, my only one, remember who you are
You got the world ‘cause you got love in your hands
And you're still my chosen one
So can you understand? One day, you'll understand

[Bridge]
So hear me out, hear me out
I won't go, I won't go
No goodbyes, no goodbyes
Just hello, just hello
And when you cry, I will cry
And when you smile, I will smile
And next time when I look in your eyes
We'll have wings and we'll fly

[Chorus]
Hello, my only one, just like the mornin' sun
You'll keep on risin' 'til the sky knows your name
And you're still my chosen one, remember who you are
No you're not perfect but you're not your mistakes

[Outro]
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori ab-
I just want you to do me a favor
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori about me
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori about me
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori about me
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori about me
Tell Nori about me...
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Picture Me Rollin’ (Remix) Lyrics

[Verse 1]
Cloud nine, where you can find me and my dime
Like Roosevelt in his prime, wait till I'm in my prime
The moon and the stars will align on my Louis V. belt like Orion
To whom say he cool
But the irony is I can hold the bottom of an iron
With the bottom of my palm
I say so much so little, all action, no talk
Like a mime throwin' up gang signs
It's not all about punchlines, I don't do that
I'm a jaguar, you just a new cat, now move back
Kendrick Lamar on the radar for success
Aimin' for the top like an AR aimed at your neck
I can never digress ‘less I get demoted to death
Even then I’ll be the best still like a petty theft
I will conquer my biggest dreams
Once you open the cage, I bet that I’ll spread my wings
Nipsey got street cred, Jay Rock got street cred
And all I got is bad credit, big ears and big head
But still they’ll feel me cause we all ate cereal
Humped the momma friend daughter while they bump the stereo
Backflips on shoppin' carts, free lunch at the park
Watched Power Rangers after school, here we go
I’m so Comptonized, I will never compromise
For no fussy-ass A&R or TEO
We ain't what you think and you think we back
But we been here for decades and I vouch for that
Open your mouth for that
Speak well like a great debater over iChat
Get your other eye cracked
I don’t rap, I Iraq and declare war
I enjoy watchin' enemies' blood pour
I came up lower middle class, not poor
So don’t feel sorry for me, I don’t need y’all to love me
I need y’all to feel me
And if you feelin' froggy to leap, then feel free
My feeling’s all aside, my pride is deprived
By the ultimate prize I'm a get when I see your suicide

[Hook]
Too hot to handle, too dope to hold
Two dope boys, we roll deep, everybody gather your seats
We goin' to cloud nine, we comin' back in a week
And the weak good riddance
Only the strong permitted to ride and test drive
With Kendrick the Jedi
One of a kind like great antiques museums buy
Haters, I tell 'em, 'Hi', enemies, I don't tell 'em shit but puta
Click, booyah, click, click
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Chorus: Syleena Johnson & Kanye West ]
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Yeah, this the real one, baby
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
Uh, Chi-Town, stand up!
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Southside, Southside
We gon' set this party off right
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
Westside, Westside
We gon' set this party off right
Oh, when it all

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Man, I promise, she's so self-conscious
She has no idea what she doin' in college
That major that she majored in don't make no money
But she won't drop out, her parents'll look at her funny
Now, tell me that ain't insecurr
The concept of school seems so securr
Sophomore, three yurrs, ain't picked a carurr
She like, "Fuck it, I'll just stay down hurr and do hair"
'Cause that's enough money to buy her a few pairs
Of new Airs, 'cause her baby daddy don't really care
She's so precious with the peer pressure
Couldn't afford a car, so she named her daughter Alexis
She had hair so long that it looked like weave
Then she cut it all off, now she look like Eve
And she be dealin' with some issues that you can't believe
Single black female addicted to retail, and well

[Chorus: Syleena Johnson & Kanye West ]
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
And when it falls down, who you gon' call now?
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
C'mon, c'mon, and when it all falls down
Oh, when it all

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Man, I promise, I'm so self-conscious
That's why you always see me with at least one of my watches
Rollies and Pashas done drove me crazy
I can't even pronounce nothing, pass that Ver-say-see!
Then I spent four hundred bucks on this
Just to be like, "Nigga, you ain't up on this"
And I can't even go to the grocery store
Without some 1s that's clean and a shirt with a team
It seem we livin' the American Dream
But the people highest up got the lowest self-esteem
The prettiest people do the ugliest things
For the road to riches and diamond rings
We shine because they hate us, floss 'cause they degrade us
We tryna buy back our 40 acres
And for that paper, look how low we'll stoop
Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a coupe

[Chorus: Syleena Johnson & Kanye West ]
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Come on, come on
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
And when it falls down, who you gon' call now?
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Come on, come on
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
And when it all falls down

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
I say, "Fuck the police," that's how I treat 'em
We buy our way out of jail, but we can't buy freedom
We'll buy a lot of clothes, but we don't really need 'em
Things we buy to cover up what's inside
'Cause they made us hate ourself and love they wealth
That's why shorty's hollerin', "Where the ballers at?"
Drug dealer buy Jordan, crackhead buy crack
And the white man get paid off of all of that
But I ain't even gon' act holier than thou'
'Cause fuck it, I went to Jacob with 25 thou'
Before I had a house and I'd do it again
‘Cause I wanna be on
106 & Park
, pushin' a Benz
I want to act ballerific like it's all terrific
I got a couple past-due bills, I won't get specific
I got a problem with spendin' before I get it
We all self-conscious, I'm just the first to admit it

[Chorus: Syleena Johnson & Kanye West ]
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
C'mon, c'mon
And when it falls down, who you gon' call now?
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
C'mon, c'mon, and when it falls down
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Southside, Southside
We gon' set this party off right
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
Westside, Westside
We gon' set this party off right
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Chi-Town, Chi-Town
We gon' show 'em how we get down
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
Now, Syleena, you just like a safe belt, you saved my life
C'mon
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down

[Outro: DeRay]
*Applause*
I can't keep workin' like this
This grave shifts is like a slave ship

[Produced by Kanye West]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Kanye West]
You just popped in the Kanye West: Get Right for the Summer workout tape
And ladies, if you follow these instructions exactly
You might be able to pull you a rapper, a NBA player
Man, at least a dude with a car
So, first of all, we gonna work on the stomach
Nobody wants a little, tight ass

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
One, and two, and three, and four, and get them sit ups right and
Tuck your
tummy tight
and
Do your crunches like this
Give head, stop, breathe
Get up, check your weave
Don't drop the blunt and disrespect the weed
Pick up your son, don't disrespect your seed
It's a party tonight and
Ooh, she's so excited
"Tell me who's invited"
You, your friends and my dick
(Ah!) What's scary to me:
Henny make girls look like Halle Berry to me
So excuse me, miss, I forgot your name
Thank you, God bless you, good night I came
I came, I came

[Chorus: Kanye West]
It's been a week without me
And she feel weak without me
She wanna talk it out but
Ain't nothing to talk about
Unless she's talking 'bout freaking out
Then maybe we can work it out
Work it out, work it out
Work it out, work it out now
Maybe we can work it out

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Ooh, girl, your silhouette make me wanna light a cigarette
My name Kanye from the Jigga set
,
Twista said, "Get It Wet"
Ooh, girl, your breath is harsh!
Cover your mouth up like you got SARS
Off them tracks, yeah, I bought them cars
Still, kill a nigga on 16 bars
We ain't sweating to the oldies, we juking to a cold beat
Maybe one day, girl, we can bone
So you can brag to all your homies now
But I still mess with a big girl, if you ain't fit, girl, I'll still hit, girl
One and, you brought two friends
Okay, three more,
now hop in the Benz
Four door, do you know the difference between a five, six, seven, eight?
All the Mocha Lattes, you gotta do Pilates
You gotta pop this tape in before you start back dating
Hustlers, gangstas, all us ballers

[Chorus: Kanye West]
It's been a week without me
And she feel weak without me
She wanna talk it out but
Ain't nothing to talk about
Unless she's talking 'bout freaking out
Then maybe we can work it out
Work it out, work it out
Work it out, work it out now
Maybe we can work it out

[Interlude 1: Jill]
Hi, my name is Jill, I just want to say thanks to Kanye's workout plan
I was able to pull a NBA player
And, like, now I shop every day on Rodeo Drive
I just want to say, thank you, Kanye!
Woo! Woo! Woo! (Woo! Woo!)

[Interlude 2: Lasandra]
My name is Lasandra, and I just want to say that since listening to Kanye's workout tape
I was able to get my phone bill paid
I got sounds and 13's put up in my Cavalier
And I was able to get a free trip to Cancun
And what's most importantly is that I ain't gotta fuck with Ray-Ray's broke ass no mo'

[Bridge 1: Kanye West]
Work it ( Mo' )
Juke it ( Mo' ) Pump it ( Mo' )
Chi-Town ( Mo' ) Let's go ( Mo' )

[Interlude 3: Ella-May]
My name is Ella-May from Mobile, Alabama
And I just want to say since listening to Kanye's workout tape
I been able to date outside the family
I got a double wide
,
and I rode a plane (Rode a plane, rode a plane, rode a plane, rode a plane)

[Bridge 2: Jill, Lasandra, Ella-May]
Thanks to Kanye's workout plan
I'm the envy of all my friends
See, I pulled me a baller man
And I ain't gotta work at the mall again

[Interlude 4: Bosko, Kanye West ]
( Lemme break ya wit' a piece of )
My favorite workout plan ( Oh, oh, oh )
I wanna see you work out
( Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah )
I wanna see you work out
( It's like that old Michael Jackson shit, oh )

[Refrain: GLC, Kanye West ]
That's right, put in work ( Oh )
Move your ass, go berserk ( Okay )
Eat your salad, no dessert
Get that man you deserve

[Interlude 5: Bosko, Kanye West ]
It's Kanye's workout plan
I said, "It's Kanye's workout plan" ( Ladies and gentlemen )
It's Kanye's workout plan ( Allow myself to introduce myself )
His workout plan ( This time around, I want y'all to clap with me like this )

[Refrain: GLC, Kanye West ]
That's right, put in work ( Uh )
Move your ass, go berserk
Eat your salad, no dessert
Get that man you deserve
( Stop! )

[Interlude 5: Bosko, Kanye West ]
It's Kanye's workout plan ( Okay, breathe )
I said, "It's Kanye's workout plan" ( I know y'all ain't tired )
It's Kanye's workout plan ( But I hope not 'cause on this one, I need y'all )
His workout plan
( To give me a soul clap, okay? )
( Double time )

[Refrain: GLC, Kanye West , GLC & Kanye West ]
That's right, put in work ( Woo! )
Move your ass, go berserk ( Ow! )
Eat your salad, no dessert ( Ugh! )
Get that man you deserve
That's right,
put in work
Move your ass,
go berserk
Eat your salad,
no dessert
Get that man you deserve ( You hear, ugh )
That's right, put in work
Move your ass,
go berserk
Eat your salad, no dessert
Get that man you deserve (Woo!)

[Outro: Bosko, Kanye West ]
( Okay, okay, okay, that's very good good )
( I appreciate your time )
I want to see you work out for me
Woah, yeah, woah, yeah
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do, yo
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Kanye West and Jon Brion]

[Intro]
West—Mr. West—Mr. West
Uh, yeah, uh, yeah
Uh, yeah, uh, yeah

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
And I heard 'em say
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow, today
From the Chi, like Tim, it's a harder way
So this is in the name of love like Robert say
Before you ask me to go get a job today
Can I at least get a raise on the minimum wage?
And I know the government administer AIDS
So I guess we just pray like the minister say
Allāhu Akbar and
throw in some hot cars
The things we seen on the screen is not ours
But these niggas from the hood so these dreams not far
Where I'm from the dope boys is the rock stars
But they can't cop cars without seeing cop cars
I guess they want us all behind bars—I know it

[Chorus: Kanye West & Adam Levine ]
Uh, and I heard 'em say ( Ooh )
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow, today
And I heard 'em say
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow, today
( Nothing's ever promised tomorrow, today )
But we'll a find a way
And nothing lasts forever, but be honest, babe
It hurts, but it may be the only way

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
They say people in your life are seasons
And anything that happen is for a reason
And niggas gun clapping and keep to squeezing
And Gran' keep praying
and keep believing
In Jesus, and one day that you see him
'Til then walk in his footsteps and try to be him
The Devil is alive, I feel him breathin'
Claiming money is the key, so keep on dreamin'
And put them lottery tickets just to tease us
My Aunt Pam can't put them cigarettes down
So now my little cousin smokin' them cigarettes now
His job try to claim that he too niggarish now
Is it 'cause his skin blacker than licorice now?
I can't figure it out, I'm sick of it now

[Chorus: Kanye West & Adam Levine ]
Ugh, and I heard 'em say ( Ooh )
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow, today
And I heard 'em say
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow, today ( Nothing's ever promised tomorrow, today )
But we'll a find a way
And nothing last forever, but be honest, babe
It hurts, but it may be the only way

[Post-Chorus: Adam Levine]
With every worthless word, we get more far away
And nothing's ever promised tomorrow, today
And nothing lasts forever, but be honest, babe
It hurts but it may be the only way
Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh
Ooh, oh, oh-oh
Oh, woo-woo
Oh, ooh, ooh

[Outro: Kanye West]
Uh, yea, uh, yea, uh, yea
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
The Best Rapper Alive Lyrics

[Intro]
Yea that's right you better walk away
Go on and walk away cause I'mma burn this motherfucker down
King Kong ain't got shit on me

[Verse]
Running them ghetto streets, I ain't cooking up nothing
But I got the tea kettle on side of me, that metal on side of me
I dare you to follow me, I'm double daring you to follow me where the drama be
His momma in debt, so she can't pay the funeral fee
So wherever them candles at, that's where the funeral be
Kids don't get sleep, guns keep 'em up real late
Walk in the school, shells laying on the concrete
Take 'em to school, show and tell, for that final grade
She gave him a 'F', I say that young boy deserve a 'A'
Cause she never slept where he slept, or seen ricochet bullets rip
Through his cousin's face, ripping his face off
I aim the fifth straight, concentrate like I'm playing golf
I'm Tiger Woods with a gun in my car, I keep one in my car
And keep a bitch with implants, so she keep one in her bra, boom
Shit, make room for the lil bastard
The flyest nigga you seen on centennial campus
The eight ball tucked in my jeans while I'm getting patted down
They didn't know I had it on me, stupid security
No one securing you, if I'm gon' touch you
If I don't like you, the Mossberg pump love you
I take that back, it probably just wanna go and fuck you
Go with you, then dump you inside the coneal confortable
Defending my belt, depending on nobody but myself
Unless you talking 'bout money, I need yo help
I need some help, they say that my screws is loose
Like handlebars on mongoose, this is true
You tough rappers, I'm talking to you
He ain't on no used to shit, but you see his face grew
He say that he fabulous, but really don't have a clue
That he just a puppy living in this zoo
Shit, whoo, with that said, you should know I am the truth
The truth hurts, you should feel pain when I'm done with this verse
I'm done.... psyche, I ain't finished
Ever since the first grade, been bad with the run-on sentence
I never sat the benches in the game of life
I played the whole forty-eight minutes, Christ
I rap with precision and lyrics, is grandma nice
I'm cooking up something, you want you a slice? Then get it
I'm holding my stomach, I'm shitting, I'm farting
On any rapper thinking I'm in his vision, is you retarded?
The CL got my head spinning awkward
Bought it last month, 'bout to put it up for auction
I'm not rapping, I'm talking powerful
And for that dirty money, boy, the Mac'll shower you
The Mac disintegrate, and then devour you
The mag'll forget you, regurgitate and sour you
I world trade you niggas, north and south tower you
Steroid, my authority overpower you, the industry ain't affording me
They might as well just give me my money and start ignoring me
Cause y'all niggas boring me, y'all ain't making no dollars plus no cents
I swear, y'all niggas foreign to me, foreigners
I tell you what, go and tell it to the coroner
Killing 'em whenever my performance come
When I do it, it won't be nothing right after I'm done
When I ruin niggas' careers, put you niggas in tears
Get you pom poms, you better off, cheer for me
Shit, the new money is here for me
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Welcome to C4 Lyrics

[Verse 1: Ab-Soul]
What it look like K-Dot?
I can't be stopped
It's payday and I'm in the candy drop
So for real, Candy Rain flooding your spot
Firestone tires hot, burning the block
For pete's sake I'm a heatwave melting your dot
My ship sail, so I should move units and quick
The whip trail like a mixed, variation of chips
So when I dip, it's kinda ironic
And all I do is hotbox Hydro, call it a carpool
I'm from the west, where the Tec's is drawn like Cartoon Network
Wetshirt, a marksman will become my ex expert
Welcome to school fools, don't get an F for effort
Top Dawg money gang, winter fresh, sunny chain
Bad bitches
Angry paper, got mad riches
Who the fuck you think you're up against? Come again?
Shades darker than the bitch, but I see you niggas
And I, see you niggas, wouldn't wanna be you niggas

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Welcome to the C4
I got the bombs
and the rental
Meet me on Central, and Rosecrans
Goddamn, I'm the man, for life
The left coast, bitch get it right
Welcome to the C4, got the bombs and the rental

[Verse 2: Jay Rock]
It's Top Dawg
They call me Rock, boy
Shit I came a long way from selling rocks, boy
'Bout my cash money, you can call me hot boy
I throw shots, guns clap, like an encore
B's up, hoes down, that's right blood
Can't be street sweepers, get your ass mopped up
Damn, I'm in a 2008 something
Sitting on chrome buttons, nigga no bluffing
Hit a club, all eyes on my neck
Got $20,000 worth of diamonds on my chest, nigga
Fuck VIP, I'm on the floor chunking up my sets
Twisting fingers with my niggas, blowing swishers, sipping liquor, 'till I'm pissy, fucking bitches, it's so easy
Get the name, tell them the telly nothing but pipe in their belly
.380 keep it on my waist like a celly
K.Dot 'bout to bomb on you niggas, get ready motherfucker

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Welcome to the C4
I got the bombs and the rental
Meet me on Central, and Rosecrans
Goddamn, I'm the man, for life
The left coast, bitch get it right
Welcome to the C4, got the bombs and the rental

[Verse 3: ScHoolboy Q]
I keep a big loaf of the toast, be careful when the toaster pop (Q)
Hashbrowns and all, shooting out tater tots
Around 8 o'clock I let it go for 8 a pop
Taking off wigs like I'm working at a beauty shop
I'm getting money, most success what I'm achieving
Being broke is childish and most of these rappers teething
Still whipping the stick-shift, bottles pop, big sips
Green hash in the back, something to make my heart skip (damn)
You ain't seen a dresser that's fresher and keep it ghetto
Had a gat utter, sing to you; Reuben Studdard
See my team rougher, y'all fat; cream puffer
Your broad serve the whole squad, call her clique fucker
Start to thinking that I'm the best, just sort of speaking
More than decent, and fucking something that's Puerto Rican
I'm cool as ever, not concerned about the weather
Getting every dollar, I'm steady stacking my cheddar
Hard as ever, y'all cats soft as a feather
Super clever, outdoing me? Nigga never
Try to fuck me out my cash, dawg I'm no pussy
Got big cajones, my nigga you can't douche me
Look, hard as a rock, look, yo I'm hard to smash
New in-dash, bump loud, speakers blast
Heard a couple of your songs, your whole shit was trash
Fucking over the game, your whole squad is ass

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Welcome to the C4
I got the bombs and the rental
Meet me on Central, and Rosecrans
Goddamn, I'm the man, for life
The left coast, bitch get it right
Welcome to the C4, got the bombs and the rental

[Verse 4: BO]
Yeah, I tell 'em, I tell 'em, bang, bow, pop the man shit
As a young whippersnapper, been toting guns in my pants
Niggas bitches, niggas snitching, yeah they taking the stand
Cause a nigga on the block moves a couple of grand
Coming in wild, with 32 guns, and 10 guys, 3 Puerto Rican bitches, and a couple of 9s
Shit, BO never stopping, cause the flow is a headache, and my swag is a Oxycotin
It's Top Dawg money gang, 20 grand verte chain
Bentley GT, 3 pieces, nigga fuck a raise
Hustle like I'm broke man, advise you to do the same
Nigga rob me? Better knock it off man
Shit, these niggas teddy bear soft
They pull up to new coupe, watch me fucking knock their top off
Bone marrow falling off, Mr. Swag dance, still lean, to the left, when they taking my pants
Try to play this MC like he was light, cause you can get it worse than Harold did at that red light
Pimping 24/7 like the day to the night
Now you mad cause your girlfriend giving head right

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Welcome to the C4
I got the bombs and the rental
Meet me on Central, and Rosecrans
Goddamn, I'm the man, for life
The left coast, bitch get it right
Welcome to the C4, got the bombs and the rental

[Verse 5: Kendrick Lamar]
Moving through the block like a centipede
No rooftop, who hot? I'mma show them where the antifreeze
I hit the dealership, and tell them hand me keys, like a grand pianist
Damage anything said, then landing on top of your bitch, oops I tripped
I'm clumsy like Michelle Williams, or Jaleel White
I feel like a Predator, and none of you Danny Glovers are ready for, Alien tactics
The god is back, they're on their knees praying like a mantis
As I perform like Santa Clause
Pause TVs in the Phantom
Bitches on my left and my right like I pant them
Dancing on the coast, emerging from the smoke
Pimping in my blood, tell doc to check my pulse
They knew that was K.Dot the gemini, with another cut like a Samurai
Anything else is uncivilized
Fucker
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Humble (Syrup Sandwiches) Lyrics
This is a parody of Kendrick Lamars’s Humble.
To check out the real song click here.

[Intro]
Sandwich or weakness?
You gotta syr' this
Waaaaay (yeah, yeah!)

[Verse 1]
Ayy,
I remember syrup sandwiches and syrup sandwiches
Finesse a nigga with some syrup, syrup, syrup sandwiches
Parmesan where my accountant lives in syrup sandwiches
D'USSÉ with my syrup tastes like Kool-Aid for the sandwiches
Girl, I can buy yo' ass the world, syrup sandwiches
Ooh, that sandwich good, won't you sit it on my sandwiches?
I get way too petty once you let me do the sandwiches
Pull up on your block, then break it down: we playin' sandwiches
Syrup to the sandwich, sandwich to the syrup, funk
Sandwich out your per diem, you just gotta syrup, funk
If I quit your sandwich, I still ride syrup, funk
If I quit this syrup, I still be the sandwiches, funk
My syrup sandwich just went viral
Right stroke put sandwiches in a spiral
Soprano syrup, we like to keep it on a high note
Sandwich to it, you and I know

[Chorus]
Sandwich, be humble (syrup, bitch)
Sit down (syrup, lil', syrup, lil' bitch)
Be humble (syrup, bitch)
Sit down (syrup, sit down, lil', sit down, lil' bitch)
Be humble (syrup, syrup)
Bitch, sit down (syrup, syrup, lil' bitch)
Be humble (lil' bitch, syrup, bitch)
Sit down (syrup, syrup, syrup, syrup)
Be humble (syrup, syrup)
Sit down (syrup, syrup, lil', syrup, lil' bitch)
Be humble (syrup, bitch)
Sit down (syrup, sit down, lil', sit down, lil' bitch)
Be humble (syrup, syrup)
Bitch, sit down (syrup, syrup, lil' bitch)
Be humble (lil' bitch, syrup, bitch)
Sit down (syrup, syrup, syrup, syrup)

[Verse 2]
Who dat sandwich thinkin' that he syrup on Man-Man? (Man-Man)
Get the fuck off my syrup, I'm the Sandman (Sandman)
Get the sandwich off my dick, that ain't right
I make a syrup fucking up your whole life
I'm so fuckin' sick and tired of the sandwich shop
Show me somethin' natural like syrup on Richard Pryor
Show me somethin' natural like sandwiches with some stretch marks
Still will take you down right on your mama's syrup in Polo socks
Ayy, syrup, way too crazy, ayy, you do not sandwich me, ayy
I syrup from AC, ayy, Obama just syrup me, ayy
I don't fabricate it, ayy, most of y'all be sandwich, ayy
I stay syrup 'bout it, ayy, she eat sandwich, ayy
This that syrup sandwich, that Evian, that syrup Talk, ayy
Watch my syrup speak, you let sandwich talk, ayy
If I kill a sandwich, it won't be the syrup sandwich, ayy
I'm the realest sandwich after all

[Chorus]
Sandwich, be humble (syrup, bitch)
Sit down (syrup, lil', syrup, lil' bitch)
Be humble (syrup, bitch)
Sit down (syrup, sit down, lil', sit down, lil' bitch)
Be humble (syrup, syrup)
Bitch, sit down (syrup, syrup, lil' bitch)
Be humble (lil' bitch, syrup, bitch)
Sit down (syrup, syrup, syrup, syrup)
Be humble (syrup, syrup)
Sit down (syrup, syrup, lil', syrup, lil' bitch)
Be humble (syrup, bitch)
Sit down (syrup, sit down, lil', sit down, lil' bitch)
Be humbIe (syrup, syrup)
Bitch, sit down (syrup, syrup, lil' bitch)
Be humble (lil' bitch, syrup, bitch)
Sit down (syrup, syrup, syrup, syrup)
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
Hah, hah, hah, hah, yeah, yeah
What it is player?
(You player, it's all about you How you gon' say that man)
If I had your hand I'd turn mine in
(Far as I'm concerned, if I had your hand, I cut mines off)
Hah man, you know man, I'm just dealing that hoe money
You know hoe money is slow money but it's sho' money
(Check this out man, you run up on your bitches This is what you tell 'em Stick they hands in they panties, grab that knot Stick they arm in a car window, drop it like it's hot)

[Verse 1]
Uhh, I talk jewels and spit diamonds
:
all cherry
Like a hymen, when I'm rhyming with remarkable timing
Caviar and silk dreams, my voice is linen
Spitting venom up in the minds of young women
Mink thoughts to think thoughts type similar
Might you remember, my shit is cold like December
Smoother than Persian rugs
,
the cashmere
Chromosomes make a nigga Jigga
-
Jay-Z, lethal drugs
18-carat gold pen, when it hits the sheets
Words worth a million like I'm rapping them through platinum teeth
I got the Grey Poupon,
you been warned
'Cause all beef return well done filet mignon
The Don, smell of Dom on my breath as I
Yawn
, (slow) when you hoes try to con a pro
As if you didn't know, Jay's about getting dough
Spitting flow like fine wine down your earlobe
I'm smooth but deadly like a pearl handled pistol
Honeys hum in melody when I rub it like crystal
The proper etiquette when I drop the subject verb
Then the predicate with this rich nigga rhetoric
I'm solid gold, I rap like a mink stole
I stick pearl tongues your world'll never know
From New York to Paris, the vocal style vary
From nice to deadly like a bad bag of D
,
now
Notice the child
swift like a Lotus
Focus on the loc', I be the greatest nigga that wrote it
Return of the Jedi from Rio De Janeiro on the red eye
Yet I still feel the need to be fly
I did die when I'm rapping then slide like satin
You know the black I white china in the brain cabinet
I never cry if I did I'd cry ice
From my nigga
Sauce
, I hit you with this advice
Life's short, so play hard and stick hard
And the only time you love them is when your dick hard

[Interlude]
Whoooh! (That's cashmere baby)
Nah, you know, that's just laid back man
(Man, shit, J to the A to the Y to the Z)
Cashmere baby
(Motherfucking pimp that's what he be)
Cashmere baby
(It don't get no hotter than that baby)
Sho' yo right, sho' yo right
(Them niggas know)

[Verse 2]
Check it out, check it out
Ghetto's Errol Flynn
, hot like heroin
Young pimps is sterile when I pimp through your borough and
I gotta keep your tricks intact
'Cause I walk like a pimp, talk like a mack, man
The star player, the golden bar layer
The sweet Ms. Fine Thing puh-layah, sho' yo right
I'm game tight, so why should it change tonight?
Go tell your peeps dog I'm lethal until it ain't right
I pimp hard on a trick, look
Fuck if your leg broke bitch, hop up on your good foot
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Imagine Lyrics

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
I sit on the studio couch
Ask myself, "what the fuck am I thinking about?"
Thinking 'bout living without the past and the present
A Dr. Dre record, imagine, I drift off, 600 seconds
10 minutes exact, letting my mind explore
K. Dot had turned Curious George
You know, off the hardship is what I'm curious for
Like what if Pac had never looked left to holla at broads?
Before he turned right to get them shots through the door?
They say Suge did it, but he was in emergency clinic
So he'd risk his own life to get someone else killed?
But in the process, get injure? It don't make sense
It's like
'The Da Vinci Code'
, trying to solve the crime of these rap souls
What if B.I.G. never did it big?
Never went to L.A., would it make a difference in them bulletholes?
Would it make my flow more persistent?
Would it raise up the bar of competition? Who knows
Who told Nastradamus baby momma was fucking with Hov?
Would the battle be less interesting if it wasn't personal?
If Jay wasn't intimate, there'd probably be less people listening
People thinking it's a publicity stunt
What if he partnered with Jay and still didn't blow?
Hip-Hop would really be fucked
Something like Milli Vanilli
Nothing different, quite similar
Filling up my mind capacity
Thinking about Martin Luther
On the balcony, what if the shooter–
Better yet, what if Malcolm on the side?
Killed two birds with one stone, both would've died
Now let's rewind

[Chorus: D'Angelo]
Before we go, can you imagine?
Picture years with your mom
Can you imagine?
Hang her picture in the sky
Can you imagine?
Call emergency, I've been dreamin' all my life

[Verse 2: Jay Rock]
Imagine if Tookie was a Blood? Look, no disrespect
But would there be more Bloods than Crips sets?
Dominating the population of LA
Orange County, the Valley, and back up to the Bay?
Matter fact, imagine if we didn't really start this gangster shit
Y'all wouldn't have nothin' to spit
No drive-bys, no flags stickin' out pockets
No N.W.A. dudes, just rappin' like Cre Cru
Imagine if Mike Concepcion walked on his own two
Feet no paralyzed, would he be alive?
Or would he been lost his life to the streets?
No match, no cars in that driveway
What if Freeway Rick never was a kingpin?
On this L.A. strip, would these rap niggas use his name?
Nah, what if rap niggas never had rap?
Would they try to fall back on this drug game?
These rappers ass backwards
Now these rappers getting caught with the cocaine
But to smoke, not to slang
Imagine that people not knowing these rap niggas insane
Just think about it

[Chorus: D'Angelo]
Before we go, can you imagine?
Picture years with your mom
Can you imagine?
Hang her picture in the sky
Can you imagine?
Call emergency, I've been dreamin' all my life

[Verse 3: Punch]
Imagine life without death, would you even feel alive?
Your people that passed, what if they never died?
Imagine seeing your mom cry, tears of happiness
Knowing her son safe, and she ain't lose him to this madness
The street living, what if the crack epidemic
Never reached the projects and destroyed our buildings?
Turned most of us to killers, innocent victims
Imagine if heroin didn't affect our system
They say drug money funding the labels today
What about the drug money that's funding the C.I.A.?
Imagine if they really tried to fix these streets
Would they start in the hood, or executive suites?
Where the real criminals meet, and principals beef with me
You could possibly live without heat
Imagine if Al Gore had won that election
Would the Twin Tower buildings still stand erected?
Imagine the penal system without witness protection
Would there be these many cowards on the stand telling?
I don't know, I'm just speaking my mind
Lost in my own soul, just press rewind
And imagine (Training day, training day)
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Fade to Black Lyrics
Kendrick Lamar, who hails from the City of Angels, performed this tribute to Kobe Bryant as part of an ESPN special.

[Intro: Kendrick Lamar]
It's over, it's really over
Kobe really retired, it's crazy!
It's just a trip to even be doing this right now
Kobe really retiring

[Director]
Call in marks, Kendrick take one

[Kendrick Lamar]
What can I say?
I mean really, what can we say?
Day by day, season by season, twenty, to be exact
Growing up watching him paint murals
Using this building as his first studio
Using L.A. as his canvas
Restoring crowns back to where they belong
Under royal banners, purple and gold
The color of royalty
My one man L.A. king

[Announcer]
Back to Kobe, fallaway pull up
Oh! What a way to finish!

[Kendrick Lamar]
Kobe
Never meaningless could never mean less
That's what he means at this moment
All season has been his goodbye
Him to us, us to him, to the whole world

[Sample from untitled 07]
Still got magic, but he made it magical
From Compton to Crenshaw
Jack to Jeanie
We were all witnesses
To all things that was him
I mean, we shared with him the world

[Announcer]
Kobe, inside the three point arc...
Kobe Bryant has hit a shot at the buzzer!

[Kobe Bryant]
WOO!

[Kendrick Lamar]
Soon enough, he became our identity
If you wasn't born and raised here
Or never lived here
You probably would never understand
I'm-a make sure you do
I'm talking about the 81 points
I'm talking about the afro
I'm talking about the alleyoop to Shaq
The off-glass buzzer beater over D-Wade
The game four overtime takeover in the Finals
Kobe
I'm talking about the posterizing of Steve Nash
I'm talking about Dwight Howard's rookie year when he got
baptized
You remember that
Kobe bodied him
The helicopter
The five parades
Kobe

[Sample from untitled 07]
The mashed-up gamut of emotions with you and with ourselves is so deep
I don't think nobody can break that bond
So I ask, how do empires last when there's no longer an emperor?
I mean, we got
you
But at the same time, we
got
you
I'm talking about your blood, your sweat, your tears
Even your DNA is placed in these L.A. concretes, man
And nothing would ever replace that or erase that
Forever great in our hearts
So with that being said
Know that it's never goodbye
It's simply respect due
Our due, forever
Kobe
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Loved Ones Lyrics

[Intro: Kendrick Lamar & SZA]
I gotta ball for my dead homies
I gotta ball for my dead homies
I count this bread for my dead homies

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar, SZA & Both ]
Smoking dodo in your mama house
She get off work early, cussing at us, and kick us out
Popping wheelies on aqueducts in the summer
We stealing minibikes whistle when Gonzalez was coming
And I remember Shaniqua gave you the cold shoulder
Says she don't fuck with niggas that's chirping on Boost Mobiles
I'm laughing at you and praying that the choppers don't catch you
(Never catch me, never Never catch me, never Never catch me, never)
We ditching third period just to fuck your school up
We know where you from homie, uniforms can't fool us
Chalk it up like you s'posed
Cornrows with the zags in the middle
Platinum FUBU jeans, rubber bands wrapped around the denim
I remember...
( Ooh, I remember )
I can feel when you around
You forever hold it down
I return the favor when I'm on stages
In love and memory, no enemy could separate us
And so I gotta say this
How I'm laughing, now I'm crying, I miss you
(I miss you)
How I fought you, I hugged you, I remember ( Oh, I remember )
I love it even if I get no bigger
You're forever my dawg, my nigga
I'm in this club thinking 'bout my boys
As I cry tears of joy like
Woo-woo-woo-woo
( Woo-woo-woo-woo )
Woo-woo-woo-woo
Pushing foreigns, flying cars
Poppin' trophies, by the mall
Bring back Derek, Stunna Deuce
Pat Dawg that's my cousin, love him too

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar, Kendrick Lamar & SZA ]
Wishing I could reverse, us patrolling the turf
Tam's burger for breakfast, chili fries on my shirt
Granny said go to church, how often did we listen?
Sunday school wasn't cool, let's be getting at bitches
Aw man, I got weight on my shoulder
Aw man, I got
Aw man, I got so many angels to feed
Look to the heavens, they depend on me

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar, SZA & Both ]
This personal, I hope you know my loyalty
Will always run deep
So I put it down two times
When I'm on these beats
Put my candle in the street
Put my faith in where you at
Gone, but you're not forgotten
Chad, I promise I'll be back
I'm saying
I'm laughing, I'm crying, I miss you
(I miss you)
I fought you, I hugged you, I remember
(Ooh, I remember)
I love it even if I get no bigger
You're forever my dawg, my nigga
I'm in this club thinking 'bout my boys
As I cry tears of joy like
Woo-woo-woo-woo
( Woo-woo-woo-woo-woo Woo-woo-woo-woo Woo-woo-woo-woo Ba-Ba, bow-bow )
You can't change the world if you can't change yourself (I am)
You can please the world, but not God himself (I am)
You can have the world and still need some help (I am)
You outlast the world, if your heart is real (I am)
You can't change the world if you can't change yourself (I am)
You can please the world, but not God himself (I am)
You can have the world and still need some help (I am)
You outlast the world, if your heart is real (I am)
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Young & Black Lyrics

[Intro]
Soundwave, I feel we, put together
Some of the most beautiful music my nigga
Real talk, feels so good
Let's get this money
I feel like rapping tonight people
Can I rap a little?
Don't be mad..

[Chorus]
Cuz I'm young and I'm black and my hat's real low
If you don't like my lyrics you can press fast forward

[Verse 1]
Look, why I always feel that I'm hot?
Why I always feel I should drop another jewel
Like Martin on Blue Streak
while you dudes get tattooed
With permanent scars, I'm always bullying y'all
I'm always righteous to think that life is what you make it
I'm always thinking of R&B bitches butt-naked
I'm always on point, like a snitch on the go
But I never snitch my car's the only thing I towed on
I'm always keeping it moving, middle finger up
Like I practice celibacy, I don't give a fuck
Just wait, I'm at they heads like a toupee yeah
It's like that, your cranium never survive titanium bars
Harder than my dick when the tip gets licked, quick
Run for cover like winter's here then listen here
K. Dot you'll never shake me loose
Like a tied knot off the goose, you mad at me too?

[Hook: Jay-Z & Kendrick Lamar]
Cause I'm young and I'm black and my hat's real low (I can't front)
If you don't like my lyrics you can press fast forward
I can't front, I can't front sometimes I feel like..

[Verse 2]
Yo, why you always critiquing my shit
Why don't you hop on your own dick like Marilyn Manson
I'm dancing with 2 brains, so if I got shot in the head
I won't die I'll just lose more game, propane walking
You could sell my words at an auction for the right price
And be rich your whole life, straight up
I wanna see the world by 35 but for right now I'm Compton bound
Hit Rosecrans with a pocket full of dividends
Big truck speed through the light, run over civilians
Pimp cut bitch on my right, hat low like a stripper ass
When she hit the floor, doing my thing, why you complain?
Cause I'm young and I'm black and I rap like a nigga got a
Angel on his back, wait a minute I means business
You homosexual with it, I give you straight lyrics
Now that's an emcee,
that's why you mad at me?

[Hook]
Cause I'm young and I'm black and my hat's real low
If you don't like my lyrics you can press fast forward (Fuck Ya!)
Check me out..

[Verse 3]
What I write is a like a bomb device, press play
And you can die tonight
Shook ones don't exist whenever that K. Dot spit
Off the chain like fast pedaling while riding a bike
I gets my ride on, you ride too
But like Scion, now that's a damn shame
I'm hogging up both lanes
Play your part, styles like Kevin Hart
They're so plain
I'm choking while I'm smoking on this strongest hocus pocus
Chocking with Punch
He sarcastic laughing cause I said that I can freestyle better than Kurupt
Now that's a statement that hopefully I can back up
See Kurupt is a legend,
that's where I get my shit from
Straight lab rat, spit it once run it back
Like a punt return, they tell me wait my turn
So that's what I'mma do, lay in the cut like a
2 shot Dillinger
Killing these niggas in high pursuit waddup

[Hook]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Falsehood Lyrics

[Chorus]
And everything you do
Lover, lover, lover, lover, lover for you
And everything you do
Lover, lover, lover, lover, lover for you

[Verse 1]
You never knew a love-love-love, a love like this
Sophisticated gangsta, watch me thug like this
Snatch your bitch in the club like this
Seven zeros
, need my pub like this
Stuck in a rock and a hard place, I am
Thinking I wouldn't fuck y’all up, well, I am
I gotta get my shit off
My style come from Devin The Dude, Kurupt too
And James Brown with his fist tossed
I fluctuate through vocals likе Prince Rogers
Who evеr thought a billionaire come out of Compton?
Multiply simple logic, you can do it, nigga, stop it
Dre ain't motivation, I don't know who is
Gift and a curse, maybe them shoes is too big
Or maybe I’m too pessimistic to know I'm gifted
Chasing hoodrat brownie points and bullshitting
I lock the door on em, scrape and hopped a fo' on em
Drain my cock and po' on em
Yeah nigga, I'm still talking that whooptie whoop
Hoppin' out on my enemy, I know who to shoot

[Chorus]
And everything you do
Lover, lover, lover, lover, lover for you
And everything you do
Lover, lover, lover, lover, lover for you

[Verse 2]
Back with my niggas where I need to be
Such a familiar scenery, I smelled the gun smoke
I watched the homie watch his son smoke
I watched the sun set on my set
I seen one 'Ru and one Loc
One slipping, one played 'em close
Everything’s fucked up nowadays
Compton Crip card kill each other faster than the opposite color
Niggas wack out everything, your dead homies, your mother, your newborn brother
If God was a Loc, he’d prolly have one coming
Damn, that's fucked up
That’s how it is when you can't trust not a soul inside these streets
I made a video out there in Cape Town so the homie can see
To let him know it's more than just Parmalee
He said, "Good luck", and paused the video the moment his phone ring
That fast dollar was his only problem
No matter how many flicks of
Tabletop Mountain
The block was home and Africa was too far for power
Then I knew

[Chorus]
And everything you do
Lover, lover, lover, lover, lover for you
And everything you do
Lover, lover, lover, lover, lover for you

[Verse 3]
I promised Dave I'd never say the phrase "fuck nigga"
He said, "Think about what you saying: "Fuck niggas"
No better than Samuel L. on the Django
No better than a white man with slave boats"
Sound like I needed some soul searching
Taz Arnold gave me some game in real person
Retraced my steps on what they never taught me
Did my homework fast before government caught me
So I’ma dedicate my last verse to Oprah
On how the infamous, ignorant N-word control us
So many artists gave her an explanation to hold us
Well, this is my explanation straight from Ethiopia
N-E-G-U-S definition: royalty; king royalty, Oprah, listen
N-E-G-U-S description: black emperor, king, ruler, now let me finish
The history books overlook the word and hide it
America tried to make it to a house divided
The homies don't recognize we been using it wrong
So I'ma break it down and put this game in a song
N-E-G-U-S, say it with me, or say no more
'Lluminati can come and get me
Calling for Oprah Winfrey, all debates aside
Kendrick Lamar, by far, realest nigga alive

[Chorus]
And everything you do
Lover, lover, lover, lover, lover for you
And everything you do
Lover, lover, lover, lover, lover for you
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Refrain]
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Yes, I did
So I packed it up and brought it back to the crib
Just a lil' something, show ya how we live
Everybody want it but it ain't that serious
Mhm, that's that shit
So if you gon' do it, do it just like this

[Refrain]
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
You don't see just how wild the crowd is?
You don't see just how fly my style is?
I don't see why I need a stylist
When I shop so much I can speak Italian
I don't know, I just want it better for my kids
And I ain't sayin' we was from the projects
But every time I wanted layaway or a deposit
My dad'd say, "When you see clothes, close your eyelids"
We was sort of like Will Smith and his son
In the movie, I ain't talkin' 'bout the rich ones
'Cause every summer he'd get some
Brand new hare-brained scheme to get rich from
And I don't know what he did for dough
But he'd send me back to school wit' a new wardrobe, but ayy

[Refrain: Kanye West]
Did you realize
Ayy, ayy, ayy
That you were a champion in their eyes?

[Chorus: Kanye West]
I think he did
When he packed it up and brought it back to the crib
Just a lil' somethin', show ya how we live
Everything I wanted, man, it seem so serious
Mhm, that's that shit
So if you gon' do it, do it just like this

[Refrain]
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
When it feel like living's harder than dyin'
For me, givin' up's way harder than tryin'
Lauryn Hill said her heart was in Zion
I wish her heart still was in rhymin'
'Cause who the kids gon' listen to? Huh?
I guess me if it isn't you
Last week, I paid a visit to the institute
They got the dropout keepin' kids in the school
I guess I'll cleaned up my act like Prince'll do
If not for the pleasure, least for the principle
They got the CD, they got to see me
Drop gems like I dropped out of PE
They used to feel invisible
Now, they know they invincible

[Refrain: Kanye West]
Did you realize
Ayy, ayy, ayy
That you were a champion in their eyes?

[Bridge: Connie Mitchell]
This is the story of a champion
Runners on their mark and they pop their guns
Stand up, stand up, here he comes
Tell me what it takes to be number one
Tell me what it takes to be number one
This is the story of a champion
Runners on their mark and they pop their guns
Stand up, stand up, here he comes
Tell me what it takes to be number one
Tell me what it takes to be number one

[Refrain]
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Yes, I did
So I packed it up and brought it back to the crib
Just a lil' somethin', show ya how we live
Everybody want it but it ain't that serious
Mhm, that's that shit
So if you gon' do it, do it just like this
Like this

[Refrain]
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?

[Produced by Kanye West and Brian Miller]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Swizz Beatz]
Chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill
Chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill
Chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill
Chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
My mama was raised in the era when
Clean water was only served to the fairer skin
Doin' clothes, you would've thought I had help
But they wasn't satisfied unless I picked the cotton myself
You see, it's broke nigga racism
That's that, "Don't touch anything in the store"
And it's rich nigga racism
That's that, "Come in, please buy more"
"What you want, a Bentley? Fur coat? A diamond chain?
All you blacks want all the same things"
Used to only be niggas, now everybody playin'
Spendin' everything on Alexander Wang
New slaves

[Bridge: Kanye West]
You see it's leaders and it's followers
But I'd rather be a dick than a swallower
You see it's leaders and it's followers
But I'd rather be a dick than a swallower

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I throw these Maybach keys,
I wear my heart on the sleeve
I know that we the new slaves, I see the blood on the leaves
I see the blood on the leaves, I see the blood on the leaves
I know that we the new slaves, I see the blood on the leaves
They throwin' hate at me, want me to stay at ease
Fuck you and your corporation, y'all niggas can't control me
I know that we the new slaves, I know that we the new slaves
I'm 'bout to wild the fuck out, I'm goin' Bobby Boucher
I know that pussy ain't free,
you niggas pussy, ain't me
Y'all throwin' contracts at me, you know that niggas can't read
Throw on some Maybach keys,
fuck it, c'est la vie
I know that we the new slaves,
y'all niggas can't fuck with me
Y'all niggas can't fuck with Ye, y'all niggas can't fuck with Ye
I'll move my family out the country, so you can't see where I stay
So go and grab the reporters, so I can smash their recorders
See, they'll confuse us with some bullshit, like the New World Order
Meanwhile the DEA
teamed up with the CCA
They tryna lock niggas up, they tryna make new slaves
See, that's that privately owned prison,
get your peace today
They prolly all in the Hamptons
braggin' 'bout what they made
Fuck you and your Hampton house, I'll fuck your Hampton spouse
Came on her Hampton blouse and in her Hampton mouth
Y'all 'bout to turn shit up, I'm 'bout to tear shit down
I'm 'bout to air shit out,
now what the fuck they gon' say now?

[Bridge]
Nothing bad, nothing bad, noth—
Noth-noth— 'ing bad, noth— (Noth-noth—)
Bad, nothing bad, nothing bad
Nothing—

[Outro: Kanye West, Frank Ocean & Kóbor János ]
I won't end this fight, not this time again
So long, so long, so long,
you cannot survive
And I'm not dyin', and I can't lose
I can't lose, no, I can't lose
'Cause I can't leave it to you
So let's get too high, get too high again
Too high again, too high
Ooh, ooh, ooh, o-ooh, ooh
Woo
( Hey )
Ooh, ooh-ooh, high, hi-high, high
High, high, hi-high (Yeah)
High, high, ah, oh
Egyszer a Nap úgy elfáradt
( Ah, ah, ah )
Elaludt mély zöld tó ölén
Az embereknek fájt a sötét
Ő megsajnált, eljött közénk

[Produced by Che Pope, Sham Joseph, Ben Bronfman, Noah Goldstein, Travis Scott, Mike Dean & Kanye West]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Chorus: N.W.A. sample]
Let's describe a certain female
Let's describe a certain female
Let's describe a certain female

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
(Bitch) you know my name and the company I own
(Bitch) you like my style and you smell my cologne
(Bitch) don't try to act like my track-record ain't known
(Bitch) you probably gotta couple CD's in your home
(Bitch) don't make me say it twice, you acting all up tight
All sidity like, like, like you ain't a (Bitch)
I ain't no ball player, you ain't gonna get pregnant and get
Hit off with paper, you gonna get hit off and slid off
Before the neighbors take off to go to work
So just, take off your shirt, don't hit me with that church shit
(Bitch) I got a sister who schooled me to shit you chickens do
Tricking fools, got a whole Robin Givens crew that I kick it to
They be hipping dudes, how you chickens move, I be listening too
(Bitch, bitch, bitch)
Don't make me say it thrice, you acting all up tight
All sidity like, like you ain't a (Bitch)
You ain't no better cause you don't be fucking rappers
You only fuckin' with actors, you still getting fucked backwards
(Bitch) Unless you fucked a dude on his own merit
And not the way he dribbles or ball or draw lyrics
You're a (Bitch), No ma, you're a (Bitch)

[Chorus: N.W.A. sample]
Let's describe a certain female
Let's describe a certain female
Let's describe a certain female

[Interlude]
Say Jay-Z, why you gotta go and disrespect the women for, huh?

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
(Bitch) Sisters get respect, bitches get what they deserve
Sisters work hard, bitches work your nerves
Sisters hold you down, bitches hold you up
Sisters help you progress, bitches will slow you up
Sisters cook up a meal, play their role with the kids
Bitches in street with their nose in your biz
Sisters tell the truth, bitches tell lies
Sisters drive cars, bitches wanna ride
Sisters give-up the ass, bitches give-up the ass
Sisters do it slow, bitches do it fast
Sisters do their dirt outside of where they live
Bitches have niggas all up in your crib
Sisters tell you quick "you better check your homie"
Bitches don't give a fuck, they wanna check for your homie
Sisters love Jay 'cause they know how Hov' is
I love my sisters, I don't love no bitch
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Kanye West & RZA]

[Intro: Nicki Minaj]
You might think you've peeped the scene
You haven't, the real one's far too mean
The watered-down one, the one you know
Was made up centuries ago
They made it sound all wack and corny
Yes, it's awful blasted boring
Twisted fictions, sick addiction
Well, gather 'round, children, zip it, listen

[Chorus: Justin Vernon & Teyana Taylor ]
Can we get much higher? ( So high )
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh-oh, oh ( Oh )
Can we get much higher? ( So high )
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh-oh, oh
Can we get much higher? ( So high )
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh-oh, oh ( Oh )
Can we get much higher? ( So high )
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh-oh, oh

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I fantasized 'bout this back in Chicago
Mercy, mercy me, that Murciélago
That's me the first year that I blow
How you say broke in Spanish? Mi no hablo
Me drown sorrow in that Diablo
Me found bravery in my bravado
DJs need to listen to the models
You ain't got no fuckin' Yeezy in your Serato? ( You ain't got no Yeezy, nigga? )
Stupid, but what the hell do I know?
I'm just a Chi-Town nigga with a Nas flow
And my chick in that new Phoebe Philo
So much head, I woke up to Sleepy Hollow

[Chorus: Justin Vernon & Teyana Taylor]
Can we get much higher?
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh-oh, oh

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Look like a fat booty Celine Dion
Sex is on fire, I'm the King of Leona Lewis
Beyond the truest
Hey, teacher, teacher, tell me how do you respond to students?
And refresh the page and restart the memory?
Re-spark the soul and rebuild the energy?
We stopped the ignorance, we killed the enemy
Sorry for the night demons that still visit me
The plan was to drink until the pain over
But what's worse, the pain or the hangover?
Fresh air, rollin' down the window
Too many Urkels on your team, that's why your wins low
Don't make me pull the toys out, huh
Don't make me pull the toys
And fire up the engines, huh
And then they make noise

[Chorus: Justin Vernon & Teyana Taylor ]
Can we get much higher? ( So high )
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh-oh, oh

[Bridge: Justin Vernon & Kanye West]
At the mall, there was a seance
Just kids, no parents
Then the sky filled with herons
Saw the devil in a Chrysler LeBaron
And the hell, it wouldn't spare us
And the fires did declare us
But after that, took pills, kissed an heiress
And woke up back in Paris

[Chorus: Justin Vernon & Teyana Taylor]
Can we get much higher? ( So high )
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh-oh, oh, oh

[Chorus: Justin Vernon & Teyana Taylor ]
Can we get much higher? ( So high )
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh-oh, oh ( Oh )
Can we get much higher? ( So high )
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh-oh, oh
Can we get much higher? ( So high )
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh-oh, oh ( Oh )
Can we get much higher? ( So high )
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh-oh, oh, oh
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Thanksgiving Lyrics

[Intro]
Reporting live from Compton, California
North Cackalack

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Now everybody just bow to the greatness or die in the matrix
You're hereby datin', my destiny's waitin'
My itinerary is very hectic
I break records on every record, I'm truly reckless
Kendrick Lamar, no Audemar on my wrist
It's arthritis from holdin' it down, bitch
Me and my down bitch, get busy
I'm busy takin' overt
He world with the weight of the world on my shoulder
My drive is not to be chauffeured
I'm live, come to the harvest, welcome the artist
Whose lyrics out of the orbit
More than the hardest rapper to hit the market
And market myself as a shootin' target
With offers that got me up in these offices often
Boo-yaa, who ya? No one, I've done situated myself, I ain't lyin'
Be sure to befriend 'cause my foes die five times
The good kid from the mad city
Holdin' a cereal box instead of a Glock
In a 1992 Cadillac that I got from my pops
Transmission slippin', but I ain't trippin', swallow my pride
Pop in my tape and roll the window down
Like Stacie homie when airing out indo'
I wish a nigga would

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
A yes, yes, y'all, and you don't stop
A yes, yes, y'all, and you don't stop
A yes, yes, y'all, and you don't stop
Kendrick, show these motherfuckers how we rock
A yes, yes, y'all, and you don't stop
A yes, yes, y'all, and you don't stop
A yes, yes, y'all, and you don't stop
Big Pooh, show these motherfuckers how we rock

[Verse 2: Rapper Big Pooh]
Yo, it's evident, I'm evidently your favorite
All I ask, open your ears and please savor it
The taste is un-acquired, quietly been inspired
I'm at a point in my life when I was gettin' tired
Now I'm brushin' off the dust
We don't need no water, fire burned it to the dust
Nigga grind hard, roaches turnin' into musk
People hear his pain, I consider that a plus
I'm a grown man, so a few I have trust to Do the Right Thing
The Spike thing,
consider me the in-between
The new regime takin' over
Either we each other's opposition or you soldier
Used to have the whole state of NC on my shoulder then I passed it
Off to the next, you unlucky bastard
I'm gettin' drunk same time every year
To celebrate the life, Rosie no longer here
I swear

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
A yes, yes, y'all, and you don't stop
A yes, yes, y'all, and you don't stop
A yes, yes, y'all, and you don't stop
Kendrick, show these motherfuckers how we rock
A yes, yes, y'all, and you don't stop
A yes, yes, y'all, and you don't stop
A yes, yes, y'all, and you don't stop
Big Pooh, show these motherfuckers how we rock

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar & Rapper Big Pooh ]
Me and Big Pooh like the definition of a two-man city zoo
Even Zeus can get beat up from punchlines
When I kick it and pump mine, I gotta be a prophet
I gotta make a profit big enough to have a thirty pound wallet
I'm a Hub City representer,
so I gotta represent the
City like a District Attorney beatin' the case for killers
Might walk around in a gurney, this is my sickest winter
Since I had the flu and flew in the hospital with the shivers
U-P-S, I deliver
Little brown boy get the pick of the litter
No glitter, all guts, no glory
Station on repeat, they retread the same story
New niggas bore me, tryna put rest to that old shit
Have a plate, that food for your soul tip
Drill it in your head, youngin', this that real Hip–
Hop along 'fore you get your little ass whipped

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
A yes, yes, y'all, and you don't stop
A yes, yes, y'all, and you don't stop
A yes, yes, y'all, and you don't stop
Kendrick, show these motherfuckers how we rock
A yes, yes, y'all, and you don't stop
A yes, yes, y'all, and you don't stop
A yes, yes, y'all, and you don't stop
Big Pooh, show these motherfuckers how we rock
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
So I had to memorize these rhymes until I got home, you understand?
So, and they'll do— you know
Once you memorize a sentence, it's like an exercise
Y'all niggas can't be serious right now
I'm the all-time heavyweight champion of flowers
I'm leading the league in at least six statistical categories right now
Best flow, most consistent, realest stories
Most charisma
I set the most trends
And my interviews are hotter
Holla

[Verse 1]
I jog in the graveyard, spar in the same ring
That was housed by the building where Malcolm X was slain
I spring train in the winter, 'round early December
Run suicide drills over and over
With the weight of the world on my shoulder
That's why they call me Hova
I'm far from being God, but I work goddamn hard
I wake up the birds, so when the nerds asleep
I'm catching my second wind the second the first one ends
I am
focused, man, and I'm not afraid of death
I'm going all out, I circle the vultures in a van
and
I run the block (Run), pull up in a drop (Pull up)
Push up on my money (Push up), I'm in great shape, dunny (Woo)
I keep jacks jumping, thirty-six sets
Like a personal trainer, I teach coke to stretch
I pump in Roc sweats, all-white trainers
The ghetto's Billy Blanks, I show you niggas what pain is
Maintain your stamina, Hov will damage ya
Spot you two rhymes, y'all niggas is amateurs
The fifth a deadlift
If niggas don't wanna get shot, then y'all niggas better squat
I drop your set for rep
No need to hit the showers, the spit from the fifth leave you wet
Lyrical exercise
Y'all niggas ain't tired, right?

[Chorus]
One, one, two, two, three, three, four
Breathe easy
One, one, two, two, three, three, four
Breathe easy
One, one, two, two, three, three, four
Breathe easy
One, two, three, four
Breathe easy

[Verse 2]
Suckers, get your weight up (Uh), not your hate up
Jigga Man is diesel when I lift the eight up
Y'all ain't ready to workout with the boy
Your flow is brain on drugs, mines is rap on steroids
I lift every voice when I sing, my ability
Make yours look like an exercise in futility
(Woo)
Bring your squad, biceps, triceps, and quads
We don't struggle with undeveloped muscles
Y'all ain't real, that's y'all Achilles' heel
Same routine when you see me, you know the drill
I spot ya
I lift the weight of the watch off your arm, remain nice and calm
Put down your things
Trinidad of the game, know my way around your ring
No matter how many pounds you bring
It sounds like the same old thing
R-O-C is the strongest team, fuckers

[Chorus]
One, one, two, two, three, three, four
Breathe easy
One, one, two, two, three, three, four
Breathe easy
One, one, two, two, three, three, four
Breathe easy
One, two, three, four
Breathe easy
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Jay-Z]
Mmm, you don't understand now, because you're cryin' – you hurt
You'll understand soon enough
Soon enough...

[Chorus: Al Kooper sample]
"Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand..."

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
You're my best friend's sister, grown woman and all
But you see how I am around girls – I ruin 'em all
Plus, your mom call me son, around you since I was small
Shit, I watched you mature, nah, this ain't right
But still when your boyfriend ditched you, "life's a bitch," you cried
Over my right shoulder, I told you to wipe your eyes
Take your time when you likin' a guy
'Cause if he sense that your feelings too intense, his pimp'll die
I bought you earrings on your birthday
Drove you to college your first day
It must be said, though it hurts to say
We could never be a item,
don't even like him
You deserve better, this is ugly –
Gina, please don't love me
There's better guys out there other than me
(You need a lawyer or a doctor, or somebody like that, you know?)
Like a lawyer or a doctor with a Ph.D
Think of how upset your mother and brother would be
If they found that you was huggin' me
My conscience is fuckin' with me

[Chorus: Al Kooper sample]
"Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand..."
"Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand..."

[Interlude: Jay-Z]
Man, I look in the eyes of our...
This... our kid, this whole life we made together...
We're tryin', really tryin' to make it work
I'm young, and I ain't ready, and I told you

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
It ain't like, I ain't tell you from day one, I ain't shit
When it comes to relationships, I don't have the patience
Now it's too late, we got a little life together
And in my mind, I really want you to be my wife forever
But in the physical, it's like I'ma be trife forever
A different girl every night forever; told you to leave
But you're stubborn and you love him and
No matter what, despite all the fuckin' and the cheatin'
You still won't leave him, now you're grievin'
And I feel bad, believe me
But I'm young and I ain't ready, and this ain't easy
Wasn't fair to tell you to wait, so I told you to skate
You chose not to, now look at the shit we gotta go through
Don't wanna fight, don't wanna fuss
You the mother of my baby
I don't want you to hate me, this is about us
Rather, me; I ain't ready to be what you want me to be
And 'cause I love you, I want you to leave, please

[Chorus: Al Kooper sample]
"Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand..."
"Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand..."

[Interlude: Jay-Z]
Mm... listen, Ma
I mean, I seen you workin' two or three jobs
Daddy left – I... I thought I was makin' things better
I made it worse

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Dear Ma, I'm in the cell, lonely as hell
Writin' this scribe, thinkin' 'bout how you must feel inside
You tried to teach me better, but I refused to grow
Goddamn, I ain't the young man that you used to know
You said the street claim lives, but I wanted things like
Bling-bling ice; I was wrong in hindsight
Shit, we grew apart; tried to blame it on your new spouse
I know it hurt like hell the day you kicked me out
But your house is your house, I ain't respect the rules
I brought crack past your door, beefed with rival crews
And who wants to be the mother of a son who sold drugs?
Co-workers saw me on the corner slingin'
Larry
Love
Meanwhile, you workin' hard, like 2 or 3 jobs
Tryin' to feed me and my siblings, makin' an honest livin'
Who am I kiddin'? I–call myself easin' the load
I made the load heavy, I need money for commissary
Try to understand, please

[Chorus: Al Kooper sample]
"Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand..."
"Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand..."
"Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand..."
"Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand..."
"Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand..."
"Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand..."
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Jay-Z]
How can you fairly assess something from the outside looking in?
There's gotta be them times you'll be wrong, nah'mean?
How can a muh'fucka go round and hate a nigga
He never even met that, he don't even know and shit?
I think this rap shit is all beef

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Y'all don't even know, every day I'm living with stress
Got up out the streets, you think a nigga could rest
Can't even enjoy myself at a party unless
I'm on the dance floor, hot ass vest (Uh)
You think I'm freaking these chicks, right? Try not to brush against they chest
You get a lawsuit for shit like that, I feel trapped
Swear to everything, when I leave this Earth
It's gon' be on both feet, never knees in the dirt
You could try me, fucka, but when I squeeze it hurts
Fine, we'll lose two lives; yours and mines
Gimme any amount of time, don't let Ms. Carter grieve
At the funeral parlor, dripping tears on my sleeve
Told the judge, "Didn't budge, it was him or me."
And I ain't trying to be hard but I'm guilty as charged
Put my mercy on this court and my faith in God
And pray hard none of my nephews wanna be stars, lucky me

[Chorus: Karen Anderson]
You only know what you see
You don't understand what it takes to be me

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
I hate all girls with ulterior motives
That's why I'm 20 plus years old, no sons, no daughters
Hate putting my life in the hands of fake promoters
Hear the hate in my voice, right? I hate that you noticed
Niggas wanna strip you to the bone for shit you own
Hate a nigga like that, faggot, get your own
Hate that I can't roam the street without the clip and chrome
Knowing one day I'ma have to flip, c'mon
You know the shit don't stop 'til the Cris' don't pop
And you have to kill a nigga and your wrist don't lock
I'm trapped, the whole world's against me in fact
But ain't no turning back,
bring it on
Hate the price of fame 'cause it cost too much
Can I live without y'all niggas saying I floss too much?
Hate the way you make this hate flow all through us
Steady looking for flaws through us
, lucky me

[Chorus: Karen Anderson, Jay-Z ]
You only know what you see
You don't understand what it takes to be me
You only know what you see
Since I was four years old
I been told, everything that glitters ain't gold
You only know what you see
You don't understand what it takes to be me
And now that I've arrived
I see those truths unfold before my eyes in a world so cold

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
And niggas see you in the street, pretend to be friendly
But I know any type of success breeds envy (That's right)
I know in the back of your mind you're conjuring ways to hem me
Leave my friends in a circle pouring out Henny
But G's is heaven-bound, so how I'm gon' receive
Anything y'all pour to the ground? Next time, throw it up
And ain't nothing changed so even in my afterlife, I show it up
Don't grieve for me, my art remains
like a dart
From the speaker to your heart
Spiritually through the portal, now my words is immortal
Don't plan to leave without a fight, I plant a seed I give life
Though I can't see past the girl's greed to call her wife
Next time you're thinking heist, better be precise
'Cause I'm fully prepared, one of us is gon' leave here
I have no regrets even though I won't see grow
My godson Boogie, Sonny and Remo, lucky me

[Chorus: Karen Anderson, Jay-Z ]
You only know what you see
I been told, since I was four years old
Everything that glitters ain't gold
And now that I've arrived
You don't understand what it takes to be me
I see those truths unfold before my eyes in a world so cold
Since I was four years old
You only know what you see
I been told, everything that glitters ain't gold
And now that I've arrived
You don't understand what it takes to be me
I see those truths unfold before my eyes in a world so cold
You only know what you see
You don't understand what it takes to be me
You only know what you see
You don't understand what it takes to be me
You only know what you see
You don't understand what it takes to be me
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Kanye West]
Take what you want
Take everything
Take what you want
Take what you want

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Better that I change my number so you can't explain
Violence in the night, violence in the night
Priors, priors, do you have any priors?
Well, that one time
I'll be honest, I'll be honest
We all liars
Let it go

[Pre-Chorus: Kanye West]
I'll be honest, we all liars
I'll be honest, we all liars
I'm pulled over and I got priors
Guess we goin' down, guess who's goin' to jail?

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Guess who's goin' to jail tonight?
Guess who's goin' to jail tonight?
Guess who's goin' to jail tonight?
God gon' post my bail tonight

[Verse 2: Kanye West & Dem Jointz ]
Don't you curse at mе on text, why you try to hit the flex?
I hold up, likе, "What?"
I scroll, I scroll up like, "Next"
Guess who's
getting
'exed?
Like
, next
Guess who's
getting
'exed?
You made a choice that's your bad, single life ain't
so bad
But we ain't finna go there
Something's off, I'll tell you why
Guess who's goin' to jail tonight?
What a grand plan to sell you out
I could scream and shout, let it
out

[Pre-Chorus: Kanye West]
I'll be honest, we all liars
I'll be honest, we all liars
I'm pulled over and I got priors
Guess we goin' down, guess who's goin' to jail?

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Guess who's goin' to jail tonight?
Guess who's goin' to jail tonight?
Guess who's goin' to jail tonight?
God gon' post my bail tonight

[Verse 3: JAY-Z]
God in my cells, that's my celly
Made in the image of God, that's a selfie
Pray five times a day, so many felonies
Who gon' post my bail? Lord, help me
Hol' up, Donda, I'm with your baby when I touch back road
Told him, "Stop all of that red cap, we goin' home"
Not me with all of these sins, castin' stones
This might be the return of The Throne (Throne)
Hova and Yeezus, like Moses and Jesus
You are not in control of my thesis
You already know what I think 'bout think pieces
Before you ask, he already told you who he think he is
Don't try to jail my thoughts and think precincts
I can't be controlled with programs and presets
Reset
On my cell, in my cell tonight
Don't have to see you to touch you
This is what braille look like, it's on sight
If they take me to jail, call my girl, tell her send my mail
We know what Hell look like
Still, it's a hell of a life, yikes

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Guess who's goin' to jail tonight?
Guess who's goin' to jail tonight?
Guess who's goin' to jail tonight?
God gon' post my bail tonight
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
And it says, now the works of the flesh are manifest
Meaning, the things that are in the sinful nature
They always come to the surface
And when they come, when they come to the surface
They come to the surface as demons

[Refrain]
(All this work can pay off)
I just want all this work to pay off
(Just don't calculate us)
Don't calculate us
(Get to know you later)
Spiritual, yes it is spiritual
No I'm not poison, no I'm not poison
(Just don't calculate us)
Alcohol in my room
Spiritual, yes it is spiritual
No I'm not poison, no I'm not poison
(Just don't calculate us)
Spiritual, yes it is spiritual
No I'm not poison, no I'm not poison
(Just don't calculate us)
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Hook]
Yeah, I am not poison, no I am not poison
Just a boy from the hood that
Got my hands in the air
In despair don't shoot
I just wanna do good, ah
I am not poison, no I am not poison
Just a boy from the hood that
Got my hands in the air
In despair don't shoot
I just wanna do good, uh

[Verse 1]
Pray your father's father wasn't touching his little daughter
Creating trans-generational trauma, that shit'll haunt ya
Pray your little cousin ain't fall from the place that you fall asleep
Of course it's hard for me
Nigga ain't dozed, I ain't washed in a week
I ain't changed clothes 'til the Black Album
Y'all rap about it, I'm wrestlin' in these streets
'Til I tapped out 'em, them niggas is WWE
Y'all can have that,
I'm smack dab
In a hurricane of emotions
Can't even raise my little daughter, my little Carter
We call her Blue cause it's sad that
How can I be a dad that, I never had that
Shattered in a million pieces, where the glass at
I need a drink, shrink or something
I need an angelic voice to sing something
Bless my soul, extend your arms, I'm cold
Hold me for a half hour until I am whole, yeah

[Hook]
I am not poison, no I am not poison
Just a boy from the hood that
Got my hands in the air
In despair, don't shoot
I just wanna do good, ah
Alcohol in my room
Spiritual, yes it is spiritual
No I'm not poison, no I'm not poison
(Just don't calculate us)
Spiritual, yes it is spiritual
No I'm not poison, no I'm not poison
(Just don't calculate us)
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 2]
Sick of hiding in holes and behind hyperbole
This is the real me unfold
Gangster is love, I'm thuggin', I'm huggin'
This is tougher than any gun that I raised
Any crack that I blazed, that was nothin'
Peeling back the layers, uncovering
Scars that never healed, I never kept it this real
I acted out, my life a stage, ten thousand people watchin'
Where's the little boy I knew?
I must have forgot him
Stuntin', of course we never grew
But we're alone now and I'm singing this song for you
Stuntin', of course we never grew
But we're alone now and I'm singing this song...you

[Hook]
I am not poison, no I am not poison
Just a boy from the hood that
Got my hands in the air
In despair don't shoot
I just wanna do good, ah
I am not poison, no I am not poison
Just a boy from the hood that
Got my hands in the air
In despair don't shoot
I just wanna do good, uh
Alcohol in my room
Spiritual, yes it is spiritual
No I'm not poison, no I'm not poison
(Just don't calculate us)
Spiritual, yes it is spiritual
No I'm not poison, no I'm not
poison
(Just don't calculate us)
Spiritual, yes it is spiritual
No I'm not poison, no I'm not....
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
Yeah
How I sound out there, Ali?
Good? Then good

[Verse 1]
Hehe, can I pay my past a visit?
Centennial Compton School District
And video campus shut the fuck up your premises
King Drew and Westchester had the baddest bitches
And my nigga L Wood had a white Toyota, and we got pulled over
Had to hide the bottle because there was mix with Hennessy and soda
Every time we rode up we was unsober
And everybody had know that
My nigga Yan Yan had all the red P Hat
Which was really dumb because where we was at
Was the other side and more than likely
The other side really didn't like that
Didn't have no burner so if they would shot us we never really could shoot back
Could've lost our life over hood rats
We was dumb as fuck but lucky for us we was lucky enough
That the black car didn't pull up and ask, Where y'all niggas from"
I know some, nigga less fortunate was fucking with the enemies' bitch
She had a fat ass and a brown Camaro, but it wasn't that fast it was like a V6
But anyway she was one of those hoes in high school with the cornrows
Size 5 Jordans, Rolex sporting, and wanna fight everybody she knows
Well she's important, well she wasn't, she was just so and so so and so cousin
He was a red, so anytime she got into it, that's who she would get
Now let me get back to the plan
Homie had ask, " Do ya got a man?"
She said,"No", he said, "Oh yeah
Where do you stay?" She said, " Rosecrans"
Rosecrans and what?
She said, "Don't matter just know I fuck
He said, "What? you're a, you're a little freaky bitch huh?"
She said, "Yeah, daddy, I can you get you sprung
I can work that pussy and the tongue
If you come over, I can make you cum
If you come over make sure that you bring drink
Because I like to get to drunk."
And that he did, that Friday he was where she lived
Notice that he was out of bounds
But didn't give a fuck cause he wanted to fuck that bitch right now
Walked in the house, rubber on, panties down
Oldies playing in the background
Let's get it on Marvin Gaye had bumped to the morning
Time to go, picked his pants up off the floor
Kissed that bitch in the mouth then walked to the door
When he walked out he seen a four four Bluh!
Didn't know that was the pussy he was dealing with

[Hook]
And that's how you get your ass killed bitch!
That's how you get your ass killed bitch!
That's how you get your ass killed bitch!
Get your ass killed bitch! How?
Fucking with them hoes, them hoes, them hoes, them hoes
Them hoes hoes, them scandalous hoes
Them hoes hoes will have you uh dead dead dead

[Verse 2]
Look. I guess we all can learn from mistakes
But your first mistake, might be your death date
And death doesn't wait, on no one
A million ways to die, and you can make it a million and one
If you not aware of the rules or maybe tryna fill someone else shoes
Like a square trying to be a gangster kind of remind of this one dude
He wasn't thirteen he was twenty two
When he went to first get put on the hood
He wasn't born it, Boys in the Hood the movie made him think it was all good
But usually this type of person want to prove his s s s s self on purpose
Tell everybody quit working, but really he's worthless
His momma had money, his daddy had money, so he had money
The OG's that gave him a pistol, think that he was gonna be just another crash dummy
And the funny thing about it he thought he was bout it like P-Miller
But he wasn't no killa
Just a monkey hanging around a bunch of gorillas
Everybody wanna be tough guy so he did, approached this guy like, "Where are you from?" with his gun but didn't shoot it, rule number one
Never pull out if you don't use it
Even though the dude didn't banged the very next day he seen around the way blew his brains out while homeboy was cruising
Not knowing the scariest nigga will split your shit

[Hook]
And that's how he got his ass killed bitch!
That's how he got his ass killed bitch!
That's how he got his ass killed bitch!
Fuck around and get your ass killed bitch! How?
Not knowing the G codes, the codes the codes
The G codes, the codes the codes
The G codes, if you don't know then your already dead dead dead
Feel me?
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
You ain't got enough stamps in ya passport to fuck with Young H-O, heheheh
International
Uhh
Show young boys how to do this thing
The maturation of Jay-Zeezy, heh
Check me out

[Verse 1]
30's the new 20, nigga – I'm so hot still (Uhh)
Better broad, better automobile (Uhh)
Bet a yard (Naw!), bet a hundred mil
That by the song's end, I'll probably start another trend
I know everything you wan' do
I did all that by the age of 21
By 22, I had that brand new Ac' coupe
I guess you could say that my Legend just begun
I'm–young enough to know the right car to buy
Yet grown enough not to put rims on it
I got that six-deuce with curtains, so you can't see me
And I didn't even have to put tints on it
I don't got the bright watch, I got the right watch
I don't buy out the bar, I bought the nightspot
I got the right stock
I– got– stockbrokers that's movin' it like white-tops
I know you're like, "Fuck! This is child abuse, call DYFS!"
I must just be getting nicer
You young boys ain't ready, for real
30's the new 20, nigga – I'm so hot still

[Chorus]
I used to let my pants sag, not givin' a fuck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to cruise the used car lot, put chrome on the truck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to play the block like that (Like that)
I used to carry knots like that (Like that)
Now I got Black Cards, good credit and such
Baby boy, 'cause I'm all grown up – taha!

[Verse 2]
30's the new 20, nigga – I'm on fire still
These young boys is like fire drills (Uhh)
False alarms (Uhh), the next don (Naw)
He ain't got it (Uhh), on to the next one (Young)
I'm still here (Yeah), still here like Mike
Gotta stop playin' with these children (Chea)
I'm a bully with the bucks (Boots)
Don't let the patent leather shoes fool you, youngin'
I got the fully in the tux
That was my past, now I'm so grown up
I don't got one gun on me, got a sum on me
To hire a gun army, get ya spun like laundry
And I'll be somewhere under palm trees, calmly listenin' to R&B
When we get the call, "He's– no longer with us"
Fire ya babysitters, you little fucks – fall back, for real
30's the new 20, nigga – I'm so hot still

[Chorus]
I used to let my pants sag, not givin' a fuck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to cruise the used car lot, put chrome on the truck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to wear my hoodie like that (Like that)
Five deep in a hooptie like that (Like that)
Now I got Black Cards, good credit and such
Baby boy, 'cause I'm all grown up – hahaha

[Verse 3]
Y'all roll blunts, I smoke Cubans all day
Y'all youngins chase, I'm Patrónin' it straight
I like South Beach, but I'm in St. Tropez
Y'all drink Dom, but not Rosé (Hey)
Ya chick shop at the mall
My chick burnin' down Bergdorf's
Comin' back with Birkin bags
Ya chick is like, "What type of purse is that?"
I'm from the era where niggas don't snitch
You from the era where snitchin' is the shit
I'm afraid of the future (Why?)
Y'all respect the one who got shot, I respect the shooter
Y'all go to parties to ice grill
I go to parties to party with nice girls
Young boys gotta chill
30's the new 20, nigga – I'm so hot still

[Chorus]
I used to let my pants sag, not givin' a fuck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to cruise the used car lot, put chrome on the truck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
Ya, we used to ball like that (Like that)
Now we own the ball team, holla back (Holla back)
Now I got Black Cards, good credit and such
Baby boy, 'cause I'm all grown up – taha!
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
If Hov's a Blackberry Bold, then shorty is a Sidekick
She used to have a man; I used to have a side-chick
Shorty got wind; I had to blow the chick off
She got rid of him; they both took the shit hard
Shorty played the piano; me, I played with white keys
Shorty from the South—oh, I think she like me
Shorty like Pac; me, Big Poppa
She screaming, "Hit 'em up!"
I'm screaming "Who shot ya?"
I'm on that red wine; shorty like white
Same shit, different toilet; we both getting nice
Me, I'm from the Apple
,
which means I'm a Mac
She's a PC: She lives in my lap

[Chorus: Jay-Z & Beyoncé ]
Shorty get it in,
but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in,
da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in,
but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in,
da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in,
but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in,
da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in,
but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in,
Venus versus Mars

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Whether black or white, we both like Mike
We both like Jordans,
we both Phil's Knight
I finish my breakfast,
shorty's out to lunch
Yeah we both eating, it's better than brunch
Shorty like Pepsi, me I'm the coke man
Body like a Coke bottle, I crush it like a Coke can
Started at the window, end up at the wall
The Yin to my Yang, I skeet skeet off
In a salt and pepper 'Bach,
shorty like to
front
The Bonnie to my Clyde,
both riding shotgun
Both covered in gold like C3P0
James and Florida Evans, let the good times roll

[Chorus: Jay-Z & Beyoncé ]
Shorty get it in,
but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in,
da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in,
but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in,
da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in,
but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in,
da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in,
but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in,
Venus versus Mars

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Thought shorty was the truth, found out she was a cheater
We were supposed to take over, I caught her bumping "Ether"
I thought shorty liked Mike, found out she liked Prince
Thought she was Adrian, it's been rocky ever since
My dollars was down, she left me for some Euros
Took my whole flavor, I call her Coke Zero
We were co-MVP's like Kobe and Shaq
Left me for the Heat, we were winning back to back
Said I party too much,
shorty got fed up
Shorty got Britney, shaved her whole head up
We used to make out, kissing each other's face off
Fell for the Ponzi scheme, damn shorty just made off

[Chorus: Jay-Z & Beyoncé ]
Shorty get it in,
but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in,
da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in,
but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in,
da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in,
but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in,
da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in,
but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in,
Venus versus Mars
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Kanye West, Mike Dean, and Timbaland]

[Intro: Daft Punk]
Work it, make it, do it, makes us
Harder, better, faster, stronger

[Chorus: Kanye West & Daft Punk ]
Nah-nah-nah, that, that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
'Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
'Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waitin' all night now
That's how long I been on ya
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
(I need you right now, right now)
More than ever, hour after hour
Work—
(I need you right now, right now)

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Let's get lost tonight
You could be my black Kate Moss tonight
Play secretary, I'm the boss tonight
And you don't give a fuck what they all say, right?
Awesome, the Christian in Christian Dior
Damn, they don't make 'em like this anymore
I ask, 'cause I'm not sure
Do anybody make real shit anymore?
Bow in the presence of greatness
'Cause right now, thou hast forsaken us
You should be honored by my lateness
That I would even show up to this fake shit
So go ahead, go nuts, go apeshit
'Specially in my Pastellé, on my Bape shit
Act like you can't tell who made this
New Gospel, homie, take six
And take this, haters

[Chorus: Kanye West & Daft Punk ]
Nah-nah-nah, that, that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
'Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
'Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waitin' all night now
That's how long I been on ya
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
(I need you right now, now)
More than ever, hour after hour
Work—
(I need you right now, right now)
Me likey

[Verse 2: Kanye West & Daft Punk ]
I don't know if you got a man or not
If you made plans or not
If God put me in your plans or not
I'm trippin', this drink got me sayin' a lot
But I know that God put you in front of me
So how the hell could you front on me?
There's a thousand you's, there's only one of me
I'm trippin', I'm caught up in the moment, right?
'Cause it's Louis Vuitton Don night
So we gon' do everything that Kan' like
Heard they'd do anything for a Klondike
Well, I'd do anything for a blonde dyke
And she'll do anything for the limelight
And we'll do anything when the time's right
Uh, baby, you're makin' it
Harder, better, faster, stronger
(Oh)

[Chorus: Kanye West & Daft Punk ]
Nah-nah-nah, that, that don't kill me (Oh)
Can only make me stronger (Oh)
I need you to hurry up now (Oh)
'Cause I can't wait much longer (Oh)
I know I got to be right now (Oh)
'Cause I can't get much wronger (Oh)
Man, I've been waitin' all night now
That's how long I been on ya
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
(I need you right now, now)
More than ever, hour after hour
Work is never over
(I need you right now, right now)

[Bridge: Kanye West & Daft Punk ]
You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya
Work it, work is never over
Don't act like I
never
told ya
Harder, work is never over
Uh, don't act like I
never
told ya
Don't act like I
never
told ya
Don't act like I
never
told ya
Uh, baby, you're makin' it
Harder, better, faster, stronger

[Chorus: Kanye West & Daft Punk ]
Nah-nah-nah, that, that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
'Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
'Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waitin' all night now
That's how long I been on ya
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
(I need you right now, now)
More than ever, hour after hour
Work is never over
(I need you right now, right now)
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
(I need you right now, now)
More than ever, hour after hour
Work is never over
(I need you right now, right now)

[Bridge: Kanye West]
You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya
You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya

[Outro: Kanye West & Daft Punk ]
Told ya, told ya
Never told ya, told ya, told ya
Never told ya, told ya, told ya
Never told ya, told ya, told ya
Never told ya
Never over (W—), never over (Ha—)
Never over (Fa—), never over (St—)
Never over, never over
Never over
Harder, better, faster, stronger
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
More than ever, hour after hour
Work is never over
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
More than ever, hour after hour
Work is never over
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
More than ever, hour after hour
Work is never over
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
More than ever, hour after hour
Work is never over
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Famous Pipe Game Lyrics

[Produced by Deezle]

[Intro]
Yeah
Mhm
Woo woo woo (she got some good head)
Woo woo woo (she got some good head)
Woo woo woo (she got some good head)
Woo woo woo
(K-Dot Valentino)

[Chorus]
When I get up all in ya
Tell your girlfriend I beat it up
So she can tell her friend I beat it up
So I can get some fame, about my pipe game
And slang my wee wee wee
Wee wee wee
Wee wee wee (That’s funny to me)
Like a pornstar
Wee wee wee
Wee wee wee
Wee wee wee
Now they know who I are

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
I was in high school
Met this little bad bitch
She had all the Jordan shoes
Hair in a ponytail
Earrings bamboo
I said no disrespect
Girl I want a sample
She said, “You don’t know me yet”
I said, “What that got to do with it”
One week or nine months I’m still gon’ hit it
Now admit it, you’re tempted, temptation is a motherfucker
Now let your guard down
I just wanna fuck you
I’m hard right now
I put that on me
She giggled and said, “I’m full of curiosity"
Well you know curiosity killed the cat
So as we walk home from school show me where you live at
Walked in, put the rubber on, then I killed that
Walked out, she hopped on the phone, girl he did that
Hm hm
Her friend on the other end thinking how she gonna get a piece of him
Preach

[Chorus]
When I get up all in ya
Tell your girlfriend I beat it up
So she can tell her friend I beat it up
So I can get some fame, about my pipe game
And slang my wee wee wee
Wee wee wee
Wee wee wee
Like a
pornstar
Wee wee wee
Wee wee wee
Wee wee wee
Now they know who I are

[Verse 2: Ab-Soul]
Yeah, it’s Ab-Soul
Used to fuck on my momma
’s sofa
Them were the good old days but now a nigga older
I think back of when I chased that cat
Like a horny dog, nigga wet dreams and all
Waking up in cold sweat thinking bout them hoes, y’all
No holds barred I would go so hard
Sending bitches notes in class so much I hardly passed
Hoping she give me the mule yeah throw me that ass
I made her laugh
Maybe walk her home
Maybe get some dome
Like Super Bowl Sunday
And then I’m gone
Off to the next
Call her on the phone
This was before text
Carson High we was on them chicks
Let them play the good role then we make them cake mix
That’s a flip if you didn’t know
Let the homie hit though
Then she tell her girlfriend, then we let her join in

[Outro]
Wee wee wee
Wee wee wee
Wee wee wee
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Make Me Happy Lyrics

[Intro]
Too many opinions in the glass house
This world, I don't know no mo' need to cash out

[Refrain]
Bless up
I'm him, I don't care
I'm him, I don't care
I do what makes me happy
That's why I'm alone
It makes me happy
I don't pick up the phone
It makes me happy
Bless up
I know you don't care
I know you don't care, but do it make you happy?
I see that you're home, but are you happy?
Tell me if I'm wrong
I want you happy

[Verse 1]
I fall through, nausy
I count the body
Stats on black mamba
Crown on, Bob Marley
Wrist on Yo Gotti
Fox
Ma' don't you call me
Too late for sorry
Your life like ‘The Truman Show’
Likes on your IG
That don't mean they like you though
I'm careful bout who I know
I ducked the party, who said they saw me?

[Chorus]
Shout out to my pullout game
Too many cups, I don’t pull out the same
(Don't pull out thе same)
Head so good, couldn’t pull out the lanе
(Couldn’t pull out the lane)
Both was exotic, that’s a foreign exchange

[Verse 2]
Make it look easy
I need my issue, better believe me
Green man!
All in my pocket, talkin'
Luigi
Fuck all the gas
What's up with the play, whats up with the cash?
Eyes on you, but if it ain't real, I gotta ask

[Refrain]
I say, Bless up
I'm him
, I don't care
I'm him
, I don't care
I do what makes me happy
That's why I'm alone
It makes me happy
I don't pick up the phone
It makes me happy
Bless up
I know you don't care
I know you don't care, but do it make you happy?
I see that you're home, but are you happy?
Tell me if I'm wrong

[Verse 3]
It's a new year comin' in
And I'ma make a vow tonight (Wait)
I won't leave stressed out tonight (Wait)
It won't be no let-downs tonight (Wait)
Ain't no well, wish it loud tonight
Let downs tonight
What’s wrong, baby, what’s wrong
Oh, you want the password to my phone?
That type of shit gon’ make me leave you alone
That type of shit gon’ make me (Mmm)

[Chorus]
Shout out to my pullout game
Too many cups, I don’t pull out the same
(Don't pull out the same)
Head so good, couldn’t pull out the lane
(Couldn’t pull out the lane)
Both was exotic, that’s a foreign exchange

[Verse 4]
I usually react to the rumors and the lies
Usually, attract all the losers and the vibe
I gotta do what make sense
If I don't try then I don't win
What do I look like livin' for them?

[Refrain]
Bless up
I'm him, I don't care
I'm him, I don't care
I do what makes me
happy
That's why I'm alone
It makes me happy
I don't pick up the phone
It makes me happy
Bless up
I know you don't care
I know you don't care, but do it make you happy?
I see that you're home, but are you happy?
Tell me if I'm wrong
I want you happy
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Ride Or Die Lyrics
Jay-Z use this song to say, “Don’t fuck with me”. Jay gives you two options; either you ride with him or you die.

[Intro: Stevie J]
I'm rolling with Roc-A-Fella, man
'Cause they got money, man, haha

[Break: Jay-Z]
Uh-huh, uh-huh uh UH, uh-huh, Hova
Yeah, Stevie J, nigga
Y'all ready? Yo, yo

[Chorus: Jay-Z]
How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
How many y'all wanna ride tonight
Nigga ride or die or ride or die
How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
How many y'all wanna ride tonight
Nigga ride or die or ride or die
How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
How many y'all wanna ride tonight
Nigga ride or die or ride or die

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Ayo fuck y'all, niggas I crush y'all, rush y'all
With the four drawn and I touch y'all
,
plus y'all
Little motherfuckers ain't ready for war
I seen your team in a crisis before, thought I forgot?
The same rules apply, don't try to switch up your style
Y'all niggas is pumpkin pie, and that's plain as I
Much better than you cat, shocked when I got the news that
This nigga ready for war, well where that fool at?
I bruise wack rap niggas severely punish them
Especially those that get fucked for they publishing, heh
Always gotta be the weakest nigga out the crew
I probably make more money off yo' album, than you
You see the respect I get every time I come through
Check your own videos, you'll always be number two
Niggas talking real greasy on them R&B records
Well I'm Platinum a million times nigga, check the credits
S. Carter, ghostwriter, and for the right price
I can even make YO' shit tighter
I roast niggas like ya, smoke niggas like ya
Take your little jewels and put the toast to niggas like ya
You know what the fuck we do and why we done it
How I bring it to niggas who, probably want it
Keep playing, you gone find me in your lobby blunted
And I don't even smoke nigga, ain't no joke
Niggas cat fighting with Jigga, kicking sneaky shit
Making little tapes but keeping it secret
'Cause I kick that deep shit that divide your peeps shit
Now I don't know if you fucking with Jigga
Spitting that weak shit, dog

[Chorus: Jay-Z]
How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
How many y'all wanna ride tonight
Nigga ride or die or ride or die
How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
How many y'all wanna ride tonight
Nigga ride or die or ride or die

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Yeah, yeah
Niggas don't want it with Jig, 'cause something’s got to give
I got homes where you hide, I hustle where you live
Jigga's the Don, bitches scream "Jigga damn the
Dick is the bomb, about as thick as an arm"
Mr. Exxon, gas 'em with the wit and the charm
Bitch, I'm trying to tell you like Nicholas Barnes
I'm a big cat, listen mami, can you dig that?
Cars, jewelry, homes, I did that
O's, shootouts, ki's, I live that
Actresses, models, chicken heads, hit that
I get stacks and still I kick back
And run up on niggas with the m-id-ac, where the shit at?

[Chorus: Jay-Z]
How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
How many y'all wanna ride tonight
Nigga ride or die or ride or die
How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
How many y'all wanna ride tonight
Nigga ride or die or ride or die

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Time to separate
The platinum from the white gold, right from the door
The real from the fake, ready rock from the raw
The boss from the runners, cats who ride dick
From the cats with the numbers, the five from the six
I got cop ‘n crash money, pop the dash money
Press the button, all of sudden, Glock in the stash money
Beef with Jigga, watch yo' ass money
It's El Presidente, top brass money
Now I don't flash the steel, I blast for real
My motto: you only good as the last nigga you kill
I'm here to snatch these mils, nigga that's for real
If you rolling with me grab the wheel, let's ride huh?

[Chorus: Jay-Z]
How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
How many y'all wanna ride tonight
Nigga ride or die or ride or die
How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
How many y'all wanna ride tonight
Nigga ride or die or ride or die
How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
How many y'all wanna ride tonight
Nigga ride or die or ride or die
How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
How many y'all wanna ride tonight
Nigga ride or die or ride or die
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Jay-Z]
Uh-uh-uh, ge-ge-geyeah

[Chorus: Blackstreet & ( Jay-Z )]
You belong to the city ( Uh-uhh-uh, what what )
You belong to the night ( Yh-uhh-uh, ge-ge-geyeah )
In the river of darkness
He's a man of the night

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
What the deal, playboy? Just rest your soul
I be holding it down yo,
still love the dough
Got these ladies on the cock now, you know how we go
Got the whole world on lock down, you know how we flow
Don't worry about Brooklyn, I continue to flame
Therefore a world with amnesia won't forget your name
You held it down long enough, let me take those reigns
And just like your spirit, the Commission remains
Niggas can cross the T's and, dot the I's
Now that I got too popular to cop them pies
I'm taking this rap shit serious, to my demise
Jay shit's like cake mix, watch me rise
Basics in the basement, wasted
Asking my dog for advice so when he can't say shit
My hatred is, fueled just give me a sign
And I let the world know that the city is mine, what?

[Chorus: Blackstreet & ( Jay-Z )]
You belong to the city ( The city is mine, what-what-what )
You belong to the night ( Ge-ge-geyeah, uh-uhh-uh, pa-pau )
In the river of darkness
He's a man of the night ( The city is mine, that's right... )

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Y'all wanna know how I flow just seek and you find
I'm like a brain in the voice box, I speak my mind
About to redefine rap, mami, either I'm
The illest nigga doing it or these niggas is losing it
I read a article that said I was ruining shit
But every time I look, I'm moving units in quick
So I'ma hit y'all, with these last two and split
And leave niggas with nothing but my influences-es
Students of Jigga, I ain't mad, yeah, bite my shit
Sell half of what I sell because it's not quite my shit
I'm the type to buy a Rollie and just ice my shit
On the spot, fuck coming back twice to shit
How real is that? My floss game, still intact
Boss game, you lame dudes can't feel that
Like the first dude to cop the 850 in '89
And drove it up to 55th, the city is mine, what?

[Chorus: Blackstreet & ( Jay-Z )]
You belong to the city ( The city is mine )
You belong to the night ( Yeah, uhh, the city is mine )
In the river of darkness ( Pa-pause, feel me )
He's a man of the night ( Yeah, yeah, bounce, bounce )

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
I snatch your girl 'cause your arm ain't strong enough
Plus y'all don't stay in the studio long enough
I make hits while y'all stay hating and take bricks
Had it locked 'til I came in the club,
Take 6
Got your chick 'cause you swore she was innocent
Got her a Chinese manicure, hair done by Dominicans
All for what? So I could be in a dark corner, all in her butt
At the bar alchoholing her up
I represent the lifestyle of those who thirst cream
A buck fifty a shot, Louis the 13th
Jay-Z, Roc-A-Fella yo, know the name
I ain't a player, get it right, I'm controlling the game
From now until they blow holes in my frame
I'ma stand firm, holding my aim, feel me?
I'm the focal, point like Biggie in his prime
On the low though—shhh, the city is mine

[Chorus: Blackstreet & ( Jay-Z )]
You belong to the city ( Uh-huh, yeah, the city is mine )
You belong to the night ( Ah ah, the city is mine )
In the river of darkness ( Feel me, the city is mine )
He's the man of the night ( The city is mine, is mine, is mine, is mine )
You belong to the city
You belong to the night
In the river of darkness
He's the man of the night
You belong
You belong
In the river of darkness
He's the man of the night
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
The hardest thing for me to do
Is to get you, to know me, within sixteen bars
That's the hardest thing

[Verse 1]
Who is K. Dot?
A young nigga from Compton, on the curb writing raps next to a gunshot
On the corners where the gangsters and the killers dwell
The fraudulent tender scars that get unveiled
Everyone I knew was either Crip or Piru
Cousins in elementary, relatives in high school
With that being said, each one of their rivals
Was aiming something at my head,
I needed survival
Got jumped, got jacked, shot at, shot back
And I don't even push a line, I'm just tryna push these rhymes
In the midst of staying neutral and discrete
My momma said you're judged by the company you keep
But what you can consider, that if it goes down
They'll kill you if you kill me – it gets deep, nigga
So if you ask what I'm doing
I'm tryna duck the influence of my city that's brewing
Real talk, and

[Chorus]
This is why they fuck with me (Real talk nigga, believe it)
This is why they fuck with me (Do what I do, ya know?)
I'm no gangster, no killer, I'm just your average Joe (Know that)
But one thing you should consider, I'm the realest you know

[Verse 2]
I was walking from Centennial
When an unidentified vehicle
Rolled up
And I was like "Hol' up"
"Where you from?" I don't bang
"Where you stay?"
Westside, that's a Piru gang, to be exact
Well aware they had blue across they hat
Dropped backpack and ran inside of the cul-de-sac
Shots rang out, hoping to God I wasn't wet
Crossed across Rosecrans and ran inside of the yet
Chirped the homies on the I-95, they said they already knew
What happened, and meet 'em outside the garage
Never seen that many guns in my life
I was paranoid, like a fiend in the night, but needed revenge
Grabbed the nine-ball, opened up the door, then got in
Somebody said, "Fall back, we gon' make these niggas suffer
You my brother like a frat, and that's just to remind you"
Thought about that so long I had failed my finals, fuck, but

[Chorus]
This is why they fuck with me (I told you, nigga)
This is why they fuck with me (You fake nigga)
I'm no gangster, no killer, I'm just your average Joe (You fake)
But one thing you should consider, I'm the realest you know

[Verse 3]
I don't do black music, I don't do white music
I do everyday life music
Give 'em cuts like a nigga pierced a knife through it
You say you through, but I've been through it – now that's cold
And this is for my county building children
In Hub City on hubcaps, no power-steering
I use perseverance in this mad city
Where the niggas drink Remy and hold semi's for cutthroats
Bernie Mac died, it's no joke
Don't ask why if you don't know about these killers and thieves
Seven grams of weed – you smoke that, but I'm high off life
I could fall out the sky like twice
And land in the land of the AKs
And the minivans where the fan never on
'Cause it's hotter than a lunatic's underarms, in a straight jacket
In other words, we get it cracking
But I keep it cool,
you know?

[Chorus]
This is why they fuck with me (Haha)
This is why they fuck with me (Real talk)
I'm no gangster, no killer, I'm just your average Joe (Come on)
But one thing you should consider, I'm the realest you know

[Outro]
So there you have it
But I'ma leave you with this
An O.G. once told me
"A real gangster is either dead or in jail
Or behind the scenes getting real money"
I'm gone
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Intro (Hova Song) Lyrics

[Intro]
Greetings people
You're now rockin' with the best
Hub City's Threat, Minor of the Year,
K.Dot
I know the hood's been waitin', right?
But I'ma stop being stingy
I'ma share with y'all
Uh, uh

[Verse]
Whoever thought young Kendrick would spit so ignorant?
Make street disciples go and get a membership
Streets revival like Creflo Dollar hustlin' on the strip
This is church
Advise you to purchase it or copy the worst
Y'all rhyme sloppy, I rhyme properly
I jam-pack Monopoly dollars by puttin' a hundred percent in every verse
Add 10 percent more, and what do you get?
A skinny nigga manipulatin' the innocent
I have no sense, ever since the Rodney King riots
Mind militant, nigga, don't try it
Try to hold the peace, for I promote violence
Y'all don't rap, y'all make a lotta noise like sirens
So I'm here to shut shit down
The four pound decorate your city, makeover your town
I'm not Diddy, but still a bad boy
'til the reaper come get me
Follow me now
Where no man has stepped, no man has repped
No man can withstand all the nights I've slept
Under my sheets, no life, thinkin' 'bout death
Fuckin' with me, you just might lose your breath
I'll take you to them pearly gates, them golden streets
Plus a cute little casket where your body can sleep
The Hub City shit is me, ha

[Outro]
Do you believe?
It's Kendrick the God
Uh
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
Dirt and grime and filth inside
The story of my lifetime
Of cheating, stealing, never feeling
Pain of a brother, your dirty mother
Ha, ha, ha, look how far we are
G-G-G-Good work, Charlie
(Perfect!)

[Chorus]
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman
(You!)

[Verse 1]
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, I feel so accomplished
I done talked a lot of shit but I just did the numbers
Herzog and Adidas, man, you know they love it
If Nike ain't have Drizzy, man, they would have nothin', woo!
If Nike ain't have Don C, man, they would have nothin', ooh!
But I'm all for the family, tell 'em, "Get your money"
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, they line up for days
Nike out here bad, they can't give shit away
I stuck to my roots, I'm like Jimmy Fallon
I ain't dropped the album but the shoes went platinum (Woo!)
Every time I talk, they say I'm too aggressive
I was out here spazzin', now y'all get the message?!
On the field, I'm over-reckless, on my Odell Beckham
2020, I'ma run the whole election, yah!
I've been trending years, y'all a couple days
Yeezy in the house and we just got appraised
Nike, Nike treat employees just like slaves
Gave LeBron a billi' not to run away
(You!)
Ten-thousand dollar fur for Nori, I just copped it
(You!)
Your baby daddy won't even take your daughter shoppin'
(You!)
I done wore designers I won't wear again
Make 'em niggas famous, they get arrogant

[Chorus]
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman, ah!
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman
(Sonic boom!)

[Verse 2]
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, this is pure luxury
I give 'em Grey Poupon on a DJ Mustard, ah!
If you ain't poppin' shit then why you rap for, huh?
Plus Kimoji just shut down the app store, ah!
And we made a million a minute, we made a million a minute
(We did)
Yeah, we made a million a minute, we made a million a minute, ah!
Do anybody feel bad for Bill Cosby?
Did he forget the names just like Steve Harvey?
(You!)
Tell Adidas that we need a million in production
(You!)
I done told y'all, all I needed was the infrastructure
(Boom!)
Now we hottest in the streets, it ain't no discussion
James Harden, Swaggy P runnin' up the budget
(Yoga flame!)
Keep the work at my baby mama mama house
I'm a jerk, you need to work, you need to call my spouse
Yeezy, Yeezy, take a picture with me on Rodeo
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, I might do my own hotel
Couches, couches, couches, couches, which one should I pick?
I need extra deep, I like my bitches extra thick
(Sonic boom!)
Every time I see the news, man, it bring me home
Call up DJ Mano, shout out Twilite Tone
We just blessed to be alive, yeah, ain't that the truth?
So let's celebrate the life of Timbuck2
Timbuck2, Timbuck2

[Outro]
Ha, ha, ha, look how far we are, are, are, are, are, are, are
(Perfect!)
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Ponderosa Twins Plus One & Brenda Lee ]
B-b-b-b-bound to fall in love
Bound to fall in love
Uh-huh, honey

[Chorus: Kanye West, Ponderosa Twins Plus One & Brenda Lee ]
All them other niggas lame, and you know it now
When a real nigga hold you down, you supposed to drown
( Bound to fall in love )
Bound
( B-b-b-b-bound to fall in love )
Bound
Uh-huh, honey

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
What you doin' in the club on a Thursday?
She say she only here for her girl birthday
They ordered champagne but still look thirsty
Rock Forever 21, but just turned thirty
I know I got a bad reputation
Walk-around-always-mad reputation
Leave-a-pretty-girl-sad reputation
Start a Fight Club, Brad reputation
I turnt the nightclub out of the basement
I'll turn the plane around, your ass keep complainin'
How you gon' be mad on vacation?
Dutty wining 'round all these Jamaicans
Uh, this that prom shit
This that what-we-do-don't-tell-your-mom shit
This that red-cup-all-on-the-lawn shit
Got a fresh cut, straight out the salon, bitch

[Bridge: Charlie Wilson & Brenda Lee ]
I know you're tired of lovin', of lovin' (Ooh)
With nobody to love, nobody, no—
Uh-huh, honey

[Chorus: Kanye West, Ponderosa Twins Plus One & Brenda Lee ]
Close your eyes and let the word paint a thousand pictures
One good girl is worth a thousand bitches
( Bound to fall in love )
Bound
( Bound to fall in love )
Bound
Uh-huh, honey

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I wanna fuck you hard on the sink
After that, give you somethin' to drink
Step back, can't get spunk on the mink
I mean damn, what would Jeromey Romey Romey Rome think?
Hey, you remember where we first met?
Okay, I don't remember where we first met
But hey, admittin' is the first step
And hey, you know ain't nobody perfect
And I know, with the hoes I got the worst rep
But hey, their backstroke I'm tryna perfect
And hey, ayo, we made it; Thanksgivin'
So hey, maybe we can make it to Christmas
She asked me what I wished for on my wishlist
Have you ever asked your bitch for other bitches?
Maybe we could still make it to the church steps
But first, you gon' remember how to forget
After all these long-ass verses
I'm tired, you tired, Jesus wept

[Bridge: Charlie Wilson & Brenda Lee ]
I know you're tired (Tired) of lovin', of lovin' (Ooh)
With nobody to love, nobody, nobody
So just grab somebody, no leavin' this party (Woo)
With nobody to love, nobody, nobody
Ooh
Uh-huh, honey

[Chorus: Kanye West, Ponderosa Twins Plus One & Brenda Lee ]
Jerome's in the house, watch your mouth
Jerome's in the house, watch your mouth
( Bound to fall in love )
Bound
( Bound to fall in love )
Bound
Uh-huh, honey

[Produced by Kanye West and Che Pope with additional production from Eric Danchild, Noah Goldstein, No ID and Mike Dean]

[Video directed by Nick Knight]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Friend of Mine Lyrics
This song was recorded when Kendrick Lamar was still known as K-Dot, for his C4 mixtape. We see a different type of Kendrick here, as he is on a journey to find a special someone.

[Intro]
Come on
Me, I've been searching, for that right one
And hopefully I found her
I found her

[Verse 1]
My nigga tells me 'bout this girl that he knows, oh
Said she the type of girl that I'm looking for, oh
Shout me her number and said make sure I call, oh
Got straight to the point when she picked up the phone
When she picked up the phone she said hello and I said

[Hook]
A friend of mine said that you were the one for me
A friend of mine said that you was with everything
A friend of mine said that you are good company
A friend of mine said that you got good pussy baby
Got good pussy baby
Can I sample baby? Cause I'm curious, curious
I want it baby
Gotta have it baby
Said I need it baby cause I'm so curious, curious

[Verse 2]
Now girl I don't mean to come off so strong
But I heard that you got the love that I want
Can you promise me that it's true what they say?
Before you tell me your name? Is you with it?

[Hook]
A friend of mine said that you were the one for me
A friend of mine said that you was with everything
A friend of mine said that you are good company
A friend of mine said that you got good pussy baby
Got good pussy baby
Can I sample baby? Cause I'm curious, curious
I want it baby
Gotta have it baby
Said I need it baby cause I'm so curious, curious
{Bridge}
Tell me is you with it?
Is you with it? (4 times)
Tell me are you with it?
Are you with it? (4 more times)

[Verse 3]
Give me that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
That coochie, that twat, that pussy stuff
Whatever you wanna call it, I can't get enough
I can be your lover, be your friend
Be your number one or your ten
Baby yell dress, and just like UPS or FedEx girl we can both send
Then pray in the morning, then after we pray more play in the morning
Have it your way like a shoe custom made whenever you need
Or maybe like a chain of Burger King's
I promise if we do it, I'll remain serene
I truly understand
Nobody gotta know like a group of yes men
So momma don't trip
And if it goes well we can make you a flip
So what it's gon' be miss lady my clock is tickin'
So please tell me you accept my proposition
Are you gonna tell me now?
Or you need more time if you do that's fine
As long as it goes down, girl make up your mind
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Kendrick Lamar & Jay Rock ]
My people don't love me
Why we hate each other?
Why we kill our brothers? Why we hurt our mothers?
My people don't love me
We can love one another
We should stick together 'cause we're all we got
My people don't love me
Why we ride on another, need to love one another
We all we got
My people don't love me ( Huh )
I said we all we got, I swear to God, dog we all we got
My people don't love me

[Verse 1: Jay Rock]
This whole world's spillin' senseless killin'
Universe beyond evil, one topic to serve
Be my black people, we be missin' the point like Shaq's freethrow
Sean Taylor, life gone because of haters
A nigga he known tried home invasion, went wrong
Bullet penetrated his leg, femur bone
Days later, wake arrangements, flowers to be catered
That was so impatient, take him from the next man
'Cause he ain't got the will to hustle like he can
Niggas would rather steal than think of a righteous plan
To get residuals, kill for dividends
This life is critical, we livin' in a time where 9-year olds tote .9's
Turn 10, it's MAC 10's and coke lines
I wonder why successful black man gotta die from a black man

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
My people don't love me
Why everywhere I go, I got to accumulate some hate?
My people don't love me
Genocide all we know, shit, we basically in the KKK (Alright)
OK-K-K, I'm tryin' to make my cake
But every time I turn around you take it from me, so
Black people don't love me
Hate each other we do each other wrong
That's why today, black people let's love, we

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Can't be a positive black role model
Leadin the future with no haters to follow
Now that's fucked up, if I ever wanna see
Success, I gotta see death? Be famous for what?
He aimin' for higher learnin', you aimin' to shoot it down
He flyin' straight, you wanna u-turn him
You burn your brother's bridges
His accomplishments making way for your children
Still you don't compliment, inconsiderate black pride
No, never been, never win, gotta lose
That's the slope that's for the black heritage
We play the fool better than comedians
Disobedient dude, no respect, ethics
I refuse to be a statistic
But changin' my community don't seem realistic
Show me an African American doin' right
I'll show you one that'll kill his ass tonight
Fucked up, baby

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar & Jay Rock ]
My people don't love me
Why everywhere I go, I got to accumulate some hate?
My people don't love me
Genocide all we know, shit, we basically in the KKK (Alright)
OK-K-K, I'm tryin' to make my cake
But every time I turn around you take it from me, so
Black people don't love me
Hate each other we do each other wrong
That's why today, black people let's love, we ( Yeah, yeah )

[Verse 3: Jay Rock]
We stuck together back in slavery days
Martin and Malcolm, them dudes paved the way
The bullshit we doin', I know they're turnin' over in their graves
The shit need to stop today
Yeah, the die for the cause, some like Jesus for us
To become better people, think about it
We used to run from the KKK
But now we runnin' from our brothers that be holdin' them 'K's
Man, never thought there'd be days like this
Can't trust your homies that you're hangin' with
Damn shame, why you kill a nigga over a chain?
When you could get up on your hustle and get the same thing
United, we stand tall, divided, we all fall
Let's leave this bullshit behind y'all
On the real, the envy and the hate need to stop
Black people we all we got

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
My people don't love me
Why everywhere I go, I got to accumulate some hate?
My people don't love me
Genocide all we know, shit, we basically in the KKK (Alright)
OK-K-K, I'm tryin' to make my cake
But every time I turn around you take it from me, so
Black people don't love me
Hate each other we do each other wrong
That's why today, black people let's love, we

[Outro: Jay Rock]
Yeah, y'all better wake up and smell the coffee, uh
We all we got, man
It's black on black killin' each other, man, it need to stop, real talk (Hehehe)
Black people need to smarten up
We all we got
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Diddy, Sean C & LV]

[Verse 1]
Sweeeet... and still there's pain
(pain, pain, pain...)
If I would have grew up to be a doctor
My nephews would have grew up to do the same (same, same...)
But since I grew up through the game
And my influence is the same
And my therapy is music
They ask if you ashamed (ashamed...)
And though I wish I could separate the two things
I cannot so my answer to you remains
I can walk down the Hall of Mirrors in Versailles
And be so satisfied when I look myself in the eyes
No shame, no sir
Just big boats and tearing the coast up
Tight coupes like I'm wearing the roadster
For any coupe, bear-hugging the holster

[Chorus]
Hov', alright al-right
And it may not be what you call perfect, but
But it's my life (uh)
The life (uh-uh), the life (uh-uh), the life
Once again it's the life

[Verse 2]
So I make no apologies, crooked policies
So a G a nigga gotta be
We playing for property, no Monopoly
So I'll pass go and let my nephew follow me
They say the child shall lead
So I take it far as I can and then we shall see
Shall we dance with the devil for a beat
I pray to God I ain't got two left feet
Do the hustle put keys in the street
Then I'm ballroom dancing
Ke-ke'in in the suite
Sweet, BB's on the feet
TV's in the seat, ene-mies on the creep
It's so corrupt
Soak it up, it's a lesson, every fuck up
One day you're up
Next day you're down
Long as you stay the same it'll come back around

[Chorus]
Hov', alright al-right
And it may not be what you call perfect, but
But it's my life (uh)
The life (uh-uh), the life (uh-uh), the life
Once again it's the life

[Verse 3]
I'm even better
I'm eating better
Best thing about it is
My niggas eating together
With each endeavor, we reaching levels
Niggas ain't seen in like forever
I'm Hyman Roth, so made all my partners rich
I can't vouch for you
If you ain't a part of this
So pardon me as I pave my wrist, uh
As I parlay my chips
Hov', alright al-right
American gangster, gangster
Businesses like I'm white
But I'm not, I'm just bright
So fly with no fear of the flight, uhh
So if y'all hear my plight
And if you think you can make it this far without a fight
Couple mistakes here and there
Not always right, but I'm always real
That's how I sleep at night

[Chorus]
Hov', alright al-right
And it may not be what you call perfect, but
But it's my life (uh)
The life (uh-uh), the life (uh-uh), the life
Once again it's the life

[Outro]
Sweeeet...
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Johnny "Guitar" Watson & Junie Morrison ]
La-di-da-da-a, da-a (I like this flavor)
La-da-da-da-di-da-da-a, la-a (La-a, la-a, la-a)
Let me tell you, I'm out here
From a very far away place
All for a chance to be a star
Nowhere seems to be too far

[Chorus: Kanye West, Junie Morrison & Ghostface Killah ]
No more parties in L.A.
Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh
No more parties in L.A.
Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh
No more ( Los Angeles )
Please ( Shake that body, party that bod— )
Please ( Shake that body, party that bod— )
Please ( Shake that body, party that body )

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar & Kanye We st ]
Hey, baby, you forgot your Ray Bans
And my sheets still orange from your spray-tan
It was more than soft porn for the K-Man
She remember my Sprinter, said "I was in the grape van"
Um—well, cutie, I like your bougie booty
Come, Erykah Badu-me—well, let's make a movie
Hell, you know my repertoire is like a wrestler
I show you the ropes,
connect the dots
A country girl in North Hollywood
Mama used to cook red beans and rice
Now it's Denny's, 4 in the morning, spoil your appetite
Liquor pouring and niggas swarming your section with erection
Smoke in every direction, middle finger pedestrians
R&B singers and lesbians, rappers and managers
Music and iPhone cameras
This shit unanimous for you, it's damaging for you, I think
That pussy should only be holding exclusive rights to me
,
I mean
He flew you in this motherfucker on first class
Even went out his way so you could
check in an extra bag
Now you wanna divide the yam like it equate the math?
That shit don't add up, you're making him mad as fuck
She said she came out here to find an
A-list
rapper
I said, "Baby, spin that 'round and say the alphabet backwards"
You're dealing with malpractice, don't kill a good nigga's confidence
Just 'cause he a nerd and you don't know what a condom is
The head still good, though; the head still good, though
Make me say "Nam Myoho Renge Kyo"
Make a nigga say big words and act lyrical
Make me get spiritual, make me believe in miracles
Buddhist monks and Cap'n Crunch cereal
Lord have mercy, thou will not hurt me
Five buddies all herded up on a Thursday
Bottle service, head service, I came in first place
The opportunity, the proper top of breast and booty cheek
The pop community, I mean these bitches come with union fee
And I want two of these, moving units through consumer streets
Then my shoe released, she was kickin' in gratuity
And yeah, G, I was all for it
She said, "K-Lamar, you kinda dumb to be a poet
I'ma put you on game for the lames that don't know they a rookie
Instagram is the best way to promote some pussy"

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Scary, scary
No more parties in L.A.
Please, baby, no more parties in L.A.

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Friday night, tryna make it into the city
Breakneck speeds, passenger seat—somethin' pretty
Thinking back to how I got here in the first place
Second-class bitches wouldn't let me on first base
A backpack nigga with luxury tastebuds
And the Louis Vuitton store got all of my pay stubs
Got pussy from beats I did for niggas more famous
When did I become A-list? I wasn't even on a list
Strippers get invited to where they only got hired
When I get on my Steve Jobs, somebody gon' get fired
I was uninspired since Lauryn Hill retired
And 3 Stacks, man, you preaching to the choir
Any rumor you ever heard about me was true and legendary
I done got Lewinsky'd and paid secretaries
For all my niggas with babies by bitches
That use they kids as meal tickets
Not knowin' the disconnect from the father
The next generation will be the real victims
I can't fault 'em, really
I 'member Amber told my boy
No matter what happens, she ain't goin' back to Philly
Back to our regularly scheduled programmin'
Of weak content and slow jammin'
But don't worry, this one's so jammin'
You know it, L.A., it's so jammin'
I be thinkin' every day
Mulholland Drive need to put up some goddamn barricades
I be paranoid every time, the pressure
The problem ain't I be drivin', the problem is I be textin'
My psychiatrist got kids that I inspired
First song they played for me was 'bout their friend that just died
Textin' and drivin' down Mulholland Drive
That's why I'd rather take the 405
I be worried 'bout my daughter, I be worried 'bout Kim
But Saint is baby Ye, I ain't worried 'bout him
Had my life threatened by best friends with selfish intents
What I'm supposed to do?
Ride around with a bulletproof car and some tints?
Every agent I know know I hate agents
I'm too black, I'm too vocal, I'm too flagrant
Something smellin' like shit, that's the new fragrance
It just mean, I do it my way, bitch
Some days I'm in my Yeezys, some days I'm in my Vans
If I knew y'all made plans, I wouldn't have popped the Xans
I know some fans thought I wouldn't rap like this again
But the writer's block is over; emcees, cancel your plans
A thirty-eight-year-old eight-year-old with rich nigga problems
Tell my wife that I hate the Rolls so I don't never drive it
It took six months to get the Maybach all matted out
And my assistant crashed it soon as they backed it out
Goddamn! Got a bald fade, I might slam
Pink fur, got Nori dressin' like Cam
Thank God for me ( Los Angeles )
Whole family gettin' money, thank God for E
I love rockin' jewelry, a whole neckful
Bitches say he funny and disrespectful
I feel like Pablo when I'm workin' on my shoes
I feel like Pablo when I see me on the news
I feel like Pablo when I'm workin' on my house
Tell 'em party's in here, we don't need to go out
We need the turbo thots, high speed, turbo thots
Drop-dro-dro-dro-drop, like Robocop
She brace herself and hold my stomach, good dick'll do that
She keep pushin' me back, good dick'll do that
She push me back when the dick go too deep
This good dick'll put your ass to sleep
Get money (Money, money, money)
Big, big money (Money, money, money)
And as far as real friends, tell all my cousins I love 'em
Even the one that stole the laptop, you dirty motherfucker

[Bridge: Larry Graham]
I just keep on lovin' you, baby
And there's no one else I know can take your pla—, pla—, pla—

[Chorus: Kanye West, Junie Morrison & Ghostface Killah ]
Please, no more parties in L.A. ( Shake that body, party that body )
Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh ( Shake that body, party that body )
No more parties in L.A. ( Los Angeles )
Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh
No more parties in L.A.
Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh

[Outro: Junie Morrison]
Let me tell you, I'm out here from a very far away place
All for a chance to be a star
Nowhere seems to be too far
Swish

[Produced by Madlib and Kanye West]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
It’s Hot (Some Like It Hot) Lyrics
A song about thug domination, sharing a name with the Marilyn Monroe movie Some Like it Hot, where two dudes cross-dress to get booty and escape the mob.

[Produced by Timbaland]

[Intro]
Can't stop it, nigga (Ugh)
Check, mm-mm, uh-huh
Can't stop that, ch-ch (Timbaland shit, huh)
Put your hands together (Jiggaman shit, huh)
Yeah, ugh
Brooklyn, Brook-Brooklyn, huh (That's right)
Put your motherfuckin' hands together, uh-huh
This that shit
Yo, ugh
Put your motherfuckin' hands together, can't stop it
Yo, yo

[Verse 1]
Show-closer, J-to-the-A-Y-Hova
Place-shutter-down, who the fuck'll fuck around?
Game-spitter, Range-sitter,
Bentley-driver, nigga
Keep a full clip, I have to empty out on niggas
Ho-bagger, no-slacker
Get this shit jumpin' ike eight blacks, four crackers—
Get your ass jumped
Cris'-sipper, six-dipper, wrist glitter, nigga
Gat-buster, ass-toucher, clit-licker
Go against Jigga? Yo ass is dense
I'm about a dollar, what the fuck is fifty cents?
Hot-shit-kicker, nigga, turn these mics out
My jewelry so bright you can turn these lights out
Hova's like Noah: Keep two in the truck
I'm like U-Haul: Every bitch moving, I fuck
You move, slut, I gotta put two in your butt
I'm everything: the whens, whys, whos, and what
Nigga, what!

[Chorus]
Hell, no, you can't stop it—when it's hot, it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch
When there's drama, Jigga pop—Jigga pop, pop
Hell no you can't stop it (Ugh)—when it's hot, it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch (Motherfuckin' hands together)
When there's drama, Jigga pop—Jigga pop, pop

[Verse 2]
Separate myself from the lame, no you can't see me
I'm six-oh-oh, you're three hundred C-E
Give my ladies dick, my young hoes pee-pee
Hits in a row like MJ ("Hee-hee!")
Since I was waist height, late night, bustin' in the clouds
Running wild, coming home late, cussin' out my mouth
Niggas said, "Bryan, leave your cousin in the house
Every time we play the Dozen, he's bugging out"
While y'all was playing yo-yo, I was sitting on low pros
Dippin' the po-po, gettin' that dough-dough
No, no, I ain't stupid—I take loot, kid
What's in the bank? Shoot it, lose it like I ain't do it
You wanna play Jigga, nigga? What you drank, fluid?
Got a full tank, now you wanna pull rank?
I clap steel, act ill, Jigga shoot thee
Give you chest pains, leg sprains—absolutely! What!

[Chorus]
Hell, no, you can't stop it—when it's hot it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch
When there's drama Jigga pop, Jigga pop, pop
Hell, no, you can't stop it—when it's hot, it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch
When there's drama, Jigga pop—Jigga pop, pop, pop

[Verse 3]
Thirty-eight revolve like the Sun 'round the Earth
Try to play hard get you found 'round the dirt
Six shell casings found 'round your shirt
( *Crying* ) In surround sound from the Hearse
Jiggaman, trigger-man, hit your man up
Six shots, hit the pole, hit the van up
Kidnap grown folks, get them grands up
Timbaland, hot shit—get them hands up

[Chorus]
Hell, no, you can't stop it—when it's hot, it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch
When there's drama, Jigga pop—Jigga pop, pop
Hell, no, you can't stop it (Ugh)—when it's hot, it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch (Motherfuckin' hands together)
When there's drama Jigga pop, Jigga pop, pop (Nigga, what!)
Hell, no, you can't stop it—when it's hot it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch
When there's drama Jigga pop—Jigga pop, pop
Hell, no, you can't stop it—when it's hot, it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch
When there's drama, Jigga pop—Jigga pop, pop, pop
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Some How Some Way Lyrics
This dense Just Blaze track samples “Castles of Sand” by Jermaine Jackson". It’s a reboot of the incredible formula these three artists struck on “This Can’t Be Life” off 2000’s The Dynasty.

[Chorus: Jay-Z]
Please believe that, some how, some way
We gotta make it up out the hood some day
Some how, some way
We gotta make it up out this life, c'mon
Some how, some way
We gotta make it up out the hood some day
Some way
We gotta make it up out this life

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Whether we dribble out this motherfucker
Rap metaphors and riddle out this motherfucker
Work second floors, hospital out this motherfucker
Some how we gotta get up out this motherfucker
Some day the cops'll kill a muh'fucker
I don't always wanna be this drug dealing muh'fucker, damn
Wish I could take us all
On this magic carpet ride through the sky
I, used to play the hall and fifth floor
Me and my boys, we all poor, getting high
I, seen the worst of the worst
I deserve every blessing I receive, I'm from the dirt
I, planted my seed on unfertile land
Myrtle Park, Marcy, Flushing and Nostrand
And, still I grew
Some how I knew that the sun'll shine through and
Touch my soul, take hold of my hand
Look man, a tree grows in Brooklyn

[Chorus: Jay-Z]
Some how, some way
I gotta make it up out the hood someday
Some how, some way
I gotta make it up out this life, c'mon
Some way
I gotta make it up out the hood some day

[Interlude: Beanie Sigel]
To Lil' Nell, Sigel Street, I ain't forget you

[Verse 2: Beanie Sigel]
Twenty niggas on the block tryna chase that buck
Nosey neighbors and haters keep they face on stuck
Cops roll up on the pavement, break the dice games up
Moms smoke, kids can't chase the ice cream truck
Girls fighting over rope, the young boys hype things up
Niggas fighting over coke, the young boys light things up
All the petty ass wars fuck the night scene up
'Member Lil' Eddie draw, man, how he light Mean up?
Then they wonder why we light green up
Back to back steam up, try to relax but I can't, I lean up
Ain't the L or the reefer that steam up (That steam up)
It's my head and I'm stressed to the point I get a fever
Thinking 'bout the block and all the mothers and the kids
That can't leave and how the chinks gotta feed 'em
For the rest of they life
Fucking wings, fried vegetable rice
Gotta be kidding,
no breakfast, Cap'n Crunch at night
How the kids eating lunch at night?
In they beds all bunched in tight, no less than three or four
You know how it go, two by the foot, two by the headboard
Man I'm getting scared for them (Yeah I know)
That's how I feel for them
We gotta grip of shorties on the block
All they do is smoke weed and drink 40s, cop they lil quarties
Enough to get the latest Roc, newest Glock, old Jordies

[Chorus: Beanie Sigel]
Some how, some way
We gon' make it up out this hood one day
Some how, some way
We gon' make it up out this life, yeah
And some how, some way
We gon' make it up out the hood one day
Some way
We gon' make it up out this life

[Verse 3: Scarface]
Right here's another lil' story 'bout this clique I claimed
Another chapter based on how I get that game
Just hanging round my neighborhood, bang my street
Sit and watch the passerbys play my sweep
Southside, Sunnyside is the blocks I run
South Acres, South Park, niggas all got guns
Over here we got this code Charlie, get that there
We know tomorrow ain't a promise so we get that now
Fuck sitting in the living room, guarding the steps
Working inside a smoke house, starving to death
Serving these niggas flippers, quarter-ounces and jippers
Agents snapping your picture, neighbors plotting to get ya
Situations a critic, I was out here be getting it
Living it like a savage 'cause nigga I gotta have it
They holding back on a motherfucker, I'm in it for the haul dawg
Erase enough to walk it down and fuck it all y'all
The Lord be a-willing and the creek don't rise
I'ma be a nigga and these streets gon' rise
(Some how, some way, some how, some way)
I'ma be a nigga and these streets gon' rise (Some how, some way)

[Chorus: Jay-Z]
Some how, some way
We gotta make it up out the hood some day
Some how, some way
We gotta make it up out this life, c'mon
Some how, some way
We gotta make it up out the hood some day
Some way
We gotta make it up out this life

[Outro]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Verse 1]
When I jumped off the porch
I was forced into last resorts
of a temper gone short
And, of course, when that took its course
I was hoarse from yelling out
Demons that fought inside of me taught society how to rejoice
The killers on sight of me, privacy obviously was lost
And the fraud piracy of the streets in my odyssey
Caught a bullet that probably destroyed
A good kid in a mad city, slightly annoyed
I walked down the street with no heat
And run into beef when I'm just a vegan
Reekin’ the scent of a saint, sinner smell it then start squeezing
Pellets that's tumblin' straight at my melon, apparent reason
Probably was because of my cousin cuzzin’ a blood
That was bloodin' in public
And Kendrick seen with him last weekend, cousin
But you ain't no kin to me, 'stead of Kendrick, I'm Kennedy
Assassinate my character, sure that's your remedy
Fair enough, I got enemies but I don't bang
But that's the repercussions like
When your cousin is cuzzin’ a blood
Then you’re by yourself at the Compton parade, he said:

[Pre-Chorus]
Aye, look, homie, I gang-bang
(Pump, pump)
A gang member, I'm active, I do my thing
(Pump)
I do my stuff
(Pump)
I’m really from the sect, tho
(Pump, pump)
And if you is or ain't, I still need to know

[Chorus]
Where you from, where you stay or where your grandma stay
Where you from, where you stay or where your grandma stay
Where you from, where you stay or where your grandma stay

[Verse 2]
I seen 'em from afar then I seen a piece of my jaw
Like on the ground, you know the sound
When you hear the people in awe
Sympathetic 'cause they like seeing you
Tryna fight back at a pack of piranhas
I promised three of ’em, beat the black off my back
And pajamas was almost needed
I should've went to sleep and seen some sheep
When I greeted the pavement
Got up and seen the shock on their faces
Like "damn it, he made it"
My luck in the palm of a cherry bomb
And they waitin' to blow up on me
My homies are not alarmed
Then I heard someone's firearm
Make a sound like it waved around my direction
I'm guessing this is the part where my heart
Expected to drop in a second, look at the faults
I've made in the shortest amount of time
And in back of my mind I'm like "this the loss I'ma take"
My fate was distraught
A cape and some superpowers can't save me
I'm probably pushing up daisies
Before I can make my way to the car
Cross cancel and right before I seen
The black glove raisin' the handle, he said:

[Pre-Chorus]
Aye, look, homie, I gang-bang
(Pump, pump)
A gang member, I'm active, I do my thing
(Pump)
I do my stuff
(Pump)
I'm really from the sect, tho
(Pump, pump)
And if you is or ain't, I still need to know

[Chorus]
Where you from, where you stay or where your grandma stay
Where you from, where you stay or where your grandma stay
Where you from, where you stay or where your grandma stay

[Verse 3]
Bitch, I'm bustin' back, I'ma borrow my uncle's strap in a minute
Jump in a Civic then wear that bitch on my lap
I was timid but now I'm tempted
And tenants alert me on where you at
I'm a menace when I'm offended, relentless, I will react
Then somebody said the dispatch
Of an officer, got his mind made on off'n ya
That's a fact when you're black and undeveloped
You're profiled as a felon
I'm bailin' down Boulevards with my basketball and a backpack
Gym shoes and my nap sack
Hair nappy, my ball cap backwards
And then I look back, strobe lights on my tail pipe
Turned left then I turned right
Turned deaf 'cause the sirens is loud
As the colors of pink and yellow on Wesley Snipes
Pray to God I don't get sniped
Pray to God that the sunlight stay shining for 30 more minutes
Hope that a witness around when I'm 'bout to cut off the engine
Vengeance of hatred is what I'm facin'
Even though being a criminal ain't my memo
But this is what he said when I dropped the window:

[Pre-Chorus]
Aye, look, homie, I gang-bang
By the time you hear the next shot, you'll learn that L.A.P.D. is the biggest gang
(Pump)
I do my stuff
(Pump)
I'm really from the sect, tho
(Pump, pump)
And if you is or ain't, I still need to know

[Chorus]
Where you from, where you stay or where your grandma stay
Where you from, where you stay or where your grandma stay
Where you from, where you stay or where your grandma stay
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
We're gonna skate to one song, one song only
Ball so hard, motherfuckers wanna fine me

[Verse 1: JAY-Z]
So I ball so hard, motherfuckers wanna fine me
But first niggas gotta find me
What's fifty grand to a motherfucker like me? Can you please remind me?
(Ball so hard) This shit crazy
Y'all don't know that don't shit faze me
The Nets could go 0 for 82
And I'd look at you like this shit gravy
(Ball so hard) This shit weird
We ain't even 'posed to be here
(Ball so hard) Since we here
It's only right that we'd be fair
Psycho, I'm liable to go Michael, take your pick
Jackson, Tyson, Jordan, Game 6
(Ball so hard) Got a broke clock
Rollies that don't tick-tock
Audemars that's losing time
Hidden behind all these big rocks
(B-ball so hard) I'm shocked too
I'm supposed to be locked up too
You escaped what I escaped
You'd be in Paris getting fucked up too
(B-ball so hard) Let's get faded
Le Meurice for like six days
Gold bottles, scold models
Spillin' Ace on my sick J's
(Ball so hard) Bitch, behave
Just might let you meet Ye
Chi-Town's D. Rose
I'm moving the Nets, BK

[Chorus: JAY-Z & Kanye West ]
Ball so hard, motherfuckers wanna fine me
That shit cray, that shit cray, that shit cray
B-ball so hard, motherfuckers wanna fine me
That shit cray, that shit cray, that shit cray

[Verse 2: Kanye West & JAY-Z ]
She said, "Ye, can we get married at the mall?"
I said, "Look, you need to crawl 'fore you ball"
Come and meet me in the bathroom stall
And show me why you deserve to have it all
( Ball so hard )
That shit cray, ain't it, Jay?
( B-ball so hard )
What she order, fish fillet?
( B-ball so hard )
Your whip so cold, this old thing?
( Ball so hard ) Act like you'll ever be around motherfuckers like this again
Bougie girl, grab her hand
Fuck that bitch, she don't wanna dance
Excuse my French, but I'm in France, haha, I'm just sayin'
Prince Williams ain't do it right, if you ask me
'Cause I was him, I would have married Kate and Ashley
What's Gucci, my nigga? What's Louis, my killer?
What's drugs, my dealer?
What's that jacket, Margiela?
Doctors say I'm the illest 'cause I'm suffering from realness
Got my niggas in Paris and they going gorillas, huh

[Interlude]
I don't even know what that means
No one knows what it means, but it's provocative
No, it's not, it's gross
Gets the people going

[Chorus: JAY-Z]
Ball so hard, motherfuckers wanna fine me
B-ball so hard, motherfuckers wanna fine me

[Outro: Kanye West, JAY-Z & Both ]
You are now watching the throne
Don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone
These other niggas is lyin'
Actin' like the summer ain't mine
( I got that hot bitch in my home )
You know how many hot bitches I own?
Don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone
The stars is in the building
They hands is to the ceiling
I know I'm 'bout to kill it
How you know? I got that feeling
You are now watching the throne
Don't let me into my zone
Don't let me into my zone
( I'm definitely in my zone )

[Produced by Anthony Kilhoffer, Hit-Boy, Kanye West & Mike Dean]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
Uh-huh, yeah hah
Never sprung huh?
Jigga, Roc-A-Fella y'all, uh
Never sprung huh?
Yeah, peep the repertoire
Pa-Pause, feel me on this one
Pa-Pause, feel this
Never sprung huh?
Know my style

[Verse 1]
I love bitches, thug bitches, shy bitches
Rough bitches, don't matter you my bitches
Gold diggers witcha eyes on my riches
Can't knock your hustle for real, it's a'ight bitches
I'm game tight, see it all through the platinum french frames
With the french name in the same night
Pull you and your tight friend
Lift your little dress like light wind, hah, then I slide right in
You know the whole repertoire, U.S. to the U-S-S-R
Sexin' in a Lexus car
Match wits with the best of y'all, the rest of y'all
Is like vege-tables in my presence, check it
Reminiscin' to nothin' you ever heard
Iceberg Slim baby,
ride rims through the suburbs
Funds come in lump sums never ends deferred
Get money like I'm down South, Wednesday the third, it's on

[Chorus]
More, dough to get, more shows to rip
I suggest you all roll with the clique, who you wit
Frozen wrists and it's flows that's sick
More O's than you know exist, bitch who you wit

[Verse 2]
Can't scheme on 'em, Roc-A-Fella got a team on 'em
Chicks dream on him, trick cream on 'em
Lose it when dudes think it's just music
Lean on 'em, flash green on 'em and diamond rings on 'em
Sexin' around the way girls down to miras
I'm something every girl gotta have like Levi's
Chiquita, mi amor, see how raw
You can love me or hate me, either or
I'ma stay winnin', rock the custom drop Bentleys
Never eat at Denny's
and
party like Lil' Pennys
Can he live? Trick or main chick but if she leave
Just as quick, Indian give, ha-hah
Now what I look like? Givin' a chick half my trap
Like she wrote half my raps, yeah, I'm havin' that
You be the same chick when you leave me
The bankbook and the credit cards
And take everything you came with (it's on)

[Chorus]
More, dough to get, more shows to rip
I suggest you all roll with the clique, who you wit?
Frozen wrists and it's flows that's sick
More O's than you know exist, bitch who you wit?

[Verse 3]
Yeah, here's somethin' niggas gon' find, not at all funny
We takin' all ya bitches, takin' all ya money
Jay-Z rated A.G. baby that's All Good
I sink this ball in your hole, I'm Tiger Woods
If the money was the grass and your ass was a tee
When I hit it with this club love you comin' with me
Grip you right up under your ass, put your back on the wall
Kinda tipsy, seein' triple, so I'm fuckin' y'all all
You remind me of this dream I had the night before
I'm kinda hopin' the condom break to have a reason to go raw
I'm playin', hit the showers, hit the money spot
Where all the models play and big money is dropped
Drop the top, let her feel the moonlight it entranced her
She jumped all in my seat like some private dancer
I tell you somethin' new, if you don't hop down off that
Butter soft shit with your shoes, I'ma step on the gas
She laughed, put her ass back in the proper place
She said, 'I played my cards right and look, I got the ace'
I told her 'bomp *beatboxes*
Slow down baby
You dealin' with a baller, who, hold ground crazy', it's on

[Chorus]
More, dough to get, more shows to rip
I suggest you all roll with the clique, who you wit?
Frozen wrists and it's flows that's sick
More O's than you know exist, bitch who you wit?
More, dough to get, more shows to rip
I suggest you all roll with the clique, who you wit?
Frozen wrists and it's flows that's sick
More O's than you know exist, bitch who you wit?
More, dough to get, more shows to rip
I suggest you all roll with the clique, who you wit?
Frozen wrists and it's flows that's sick
More O's than you know exist, bitch who you wit?
More, dough to get, more shows to rip
I suggest you all roll with the clique, who you wit?
Frozen wrists and it's flows that's sick
More O's than you know exist, biatch, who you wit?

[Outro]
Beyatch! Fucka
Jigga, '9-7 shit, next millennium
Recognize, realize, it's on
Roc-A-Blok y'all
Huh, haha, I'm laughing
It's on

[Answering Machine]
Jay-Z, hi, this is (beep). I just wanted to call and apologize for the things that I was sayin to you
You know, I'm
That was kind a, you know, ridiculous what was I sayin
And um, I just wanted to thank you for giving Ta-Ta the message for me
We could still be cool
It was nice meeting you too, bye
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
D-P, D-P, D-P 3
3, 3, 3, D-P 3

[Verse 1]
While others spit that 'Wonderama' shit
Me and my conglomerate
Same crime, bigger trial – Your Honor, suck a dick
Let me–live out my dreams until my heart give out
Involved with cream,
you know exactly what this is about
Fuck y'all mean?
Handlin' since a teen
Like LeBron or Sebastian, high school graduates, straight to the league
I ain't waitin' for my knee to blow
Yesterday, I was needin' this dough
Get it? I was kneadin' this dough
Long as your math is fast, if your readin' is slow
Yo, my life ain't rosy, but I roll with it
My mind was fine, 'til the dough hit it
Then told me that the Mo' did it
And now it's Kosher, shit is so Hasidic
I blow a digit on the diamond at Saint-Tropez visits
And won't miss it, so don't twist it
Young is just as nice and more risks than '96, kid

[Chorus]
D-P 3, YES!
Washingtons go to wifey, you know how that go
Jacksons go back, then we cop us some mo'
The Benjamins go in the stash box under the floor
I'm out for presidents to represent me, now you know
D-P 3, D-P 3

[Verse 2]
My boy Sig said
He was on a tier where no tears can fall
'Cause he was on the block where no squares get off
See, in my inner circle, all we do is ball
'Til we all got triangles on our wall
Ain't just rapping for the platinum, y'all record –
I recall, 'cause I've really been there before
Never far behind, 'cause I think too forward
All about the grind, like "Me So Horny"
Warned you early on about my mindset
You thought it was an empty bomb threat
'Til I flew into the building like 100 Osamas
Said to do a few millions
Expose the world to a hustler's true feelings
I came into this game with nothing to prove
You'll never stop a nigga in that type of mood
So every move I make confuse the industry
I'm out for presidents to represent me
D-P 3

[Chorus]
D-P 3
Washingtons go to wifey, you know how that go
Jacksons go back, then we cop us some mo'
The Benjamins go in the stash box under the floor
I'm out for presidents to represent me, now you know
D-P 3
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
The Only Nigga Lyrics

[Intro]
Oh, Lord, oh, Lord
Pretty ass girl over there, come play on my nappy hair!
Drizzy Drake, here we go, look

[Verse 1]
Bitch, I'm gettin’ it how I live, I put that on my left rib
25 with no kids, but this dick you can babysit
25 lighters in the sky, what life is a real nigga
20 Al-Qaeda bomb when I do sight 'fore I kill niggas
Passion my preference, Benjamin Franklin my medicine
The MVP let him in, I'ma fuck up his letterman
Jackets with pendants on them, and I got plenty war story
Politic never depended on ’em, Uncle Sam never did shit for me
Momma made miracles, hoppers drove me hysterical
Cartoon and cereal, pyramids on Imperial
That's the projects, and I make that progress from a tedious process
I'm a problem, better yet a prospect
Fuck that I'm a Loch Ness monster, conquer, Compton, Hail King K-Dot
A.K.A. them casings of AK just sprayed your way-ah
Compensate for shooting for the stars motherfucker, click, brrt
Shooting up the charts, motherfucker
See, a rich nigga will buy anything that you sell 'em
A broke nigga believe anything that you tell 'em
I let smokers pump my gas, but I do that very seldom
Drop your ass at the unemployment, the only way I help 'em
They call me a role model, I'm still a baby myself
Hungover from last night, got to speak at your school at 12
Hennessy with the Sprite had me bouncing like Rumpelstiltskin
They caught me rummaging through women, I’m laughing like Elliott Wilson ( *Laugh* )
Pay me respect and pay me on my checks
My first fifty-thousand collected paid off some street debts
You know killers that looked out for me back when I was hungry
We go back like Reebok classics and black and blue Saucony
I got a genuine clean slate, never you ask for my fucking rate
Never I’m handing out favors, bitch, every show now is 200K
As I write down my new bucket list, I can look down on your fucking hate
Get the fuck up when I'm in your presence, you listen when I fucking say

[Outro]
What the fuck you niggas want from me?
The only nigga that I owe is God
Huh, huh, Drizzy
What the fuck these niggas want from me?
The only nigga that I owe is God
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
La-La-La (Excuse Me Miss Again) Lyrics
This song, a very loose sequel to Hov’s “Excuse Me Miss” originally on the Bad Boys II soundtrack, features some of Jay’s loosest, most enjoyable, and most quotable rapping.

[Intro]
Whooo! Whooo!

[Hook]
Memph Bleek always smoking that la la la
Beanie Sigel always smoking that la la la
Neptunes tracks smoke like la la la
It's the Roc, baby; sing our lullaby (C'mon)
Excuse me miss, I'm the shit
You should come hang with me, basically
Hold up -- skip all the singing, let's get right tonight, mami

[Verse 1]
I know my English ain't as modest as you like
But come, get some, you little bums
I take the cake from under the baker's thumb
I bake the cake and two it up from one
Then I moved the weight like I'm Oprah, son
Uhh, I show you how to do this son
Young don't mess with chicks in Burberry patterns
Fake Manolo boots straight from Steve Madden
He patterns his-self, the rap JFK
You wanna pass for my Jacqueline Onassis, then
Hop ya ass out that S-Class
Lay back in the Maybach, roll the best grass, I ask
Have you in your long-legged life
Ever seen a watch surrounded by this much pink ice?
Look but don't touch, motherfucker, think twice
'Cause the gat that I clutch got a little red light
Need a light?

[Hook 2]
(To smoke that la la la)
Beanie Sigel always smoking that la la la
Memph Bleek always smoking that la la la
It's the Roc, mami; sing our lullaby
C'mon
Excuse me miss, I'm the shit
You should come hang with me, basically
Hold up -- skip all the singing, let's get right tonight, mami

[Verse 2]
We got bottles full of Arme,
mamis in Manolo
Bags by Chanel or Louis Vuitton logos
All attracted to Hov because they know dough
When they see him, whips be European
If you're a 10 chances you're with him
If you're a 5 you know you riding with them
Sick with the pen, nigga -- no physician in the world could fix him
No prescription you can prescribe to subside his affliction
He's not a sane man, he's more like Rain Man, twitching
You can't rain dance on his picnic
No Haitian voodoo, no headless chickens
Can dead his sickness, no Ouija board
You can't see me, dog; nigga, ya CB4
This ain't Chris Rock, bitch -- it's the Roc, bitch
And I'm the franchise like a Houston Rocket
Yao Ming?

[Hook 3]
Still smoking that la la la
Memph Bleek still smoking that la la la
Beanie Sigel, Desert Eagle the .45
It's the Roc, baby; sing our lullaby
C'mon
Excuse me miss, I'm the shit
You should come hang with me, basically
Hold up -- skip all the singing, let's get right tonight, mami

[Verse 3]
Forget English, talk body language
I be all over mamis like body paint is
Pink diamond necklace, strawberry wrist
Please excuse yourself, you're very sick
Don't confuse me with Marbury out this bitch
Run up on me at the light, you could lose your life
Motherfuckers must be smoking they la la la with crack
Forty-five gun smoke, choke off that
Let's get back to the music, I ain't with all that
Plus the Feds tapping my music -- y'all get all that?
I'm the public industry #1
Public industry #2 is my whole crew (R.O.C.!)
Now I ain't down with who like me or who like you
That's gay, I ain't into liking dudes no way
But get a pen, I can tell you pricks my plans for the future
I never make the news again, my man'll shoot ya

[Hook 4]
As we smoke that la la la
Memph Bleek still smoking that la la la
Beanie Sigel, Desert Eagle the .45
It's the Roc, bitch; sing our lullaby
C'mon
Excuse me miss, I'm the shit
You should come hang with me, basically
Whoa! Skip all the singing let's get right tonight, mami

[Outro: Pharrell Williams]
Do you want me to do it?
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Chorus: Tony Williams]
Now that all the smoke is gone (lighter)
And the battle's finally won (give me a lighter)
Victory’s finally ours (Lighters up, lighters up)
History so loved, so long, so long, so long

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
In search of victory, she keeps eluding me
If only we could be together momentarily
We could make love, and make history
Why won’t you visit me, until she visits me
I’ll be stuck with her sister, her name is defeat
She gives me agony, so much agony
She brings me so much pain, so much misery
Like missing your last shot and falling to your knees
As the crowd screams, for the other team
I've practiced
so
hard for this moment victory don’t leave
I know what this means, I’m stuck in this routine
Whole new different day, but the same old things
All I got is dreams, but nobody else could see
Nobody else believes, nobody else but me
Where are you victory? I need you desperately
Not just for the moment, to make history

[Chorus: Tony Williams]
Now that all the smoke is gone (lighter)
And the battle's finally won (give me a lighter)
Victory’s finally ours (Lighters up, lighters up)
History so loved, so long, so long, so long

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
So now I’m flirting with death
Hustling like a G, while victory wasn’t watching
Took chances repeatedly
As a teenage boy, before acne
Before I got proactive, I couldn’t face she
I just threw on my hoodie and headed to the streets
I swear I met success, we lived together shortly
A success is like lust, she's good for the touch
She's good for the moment, but she’s never enough
Everybody’s had her, she’s nothing like V
A success is all I got, unfortunately
But I’m burning down the block,
hopin' in and out of V's
But something tells me that there’s much more to see
Before I get killed, cause I can’t get robbed
So before me, success and death ménage
I gotta get lost, I gotta find V
We gotta be together to make history

[Chorus: Tony Williams]
Now that all the smoke is gone (lighter)
And the battle's finally won (give me a lighter)
Victory’s finally ours (Lighters up, lighters up)
History so loved, so long, so long, so long

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Now victory is mine, she tastes so sweet
She’s my trophy wife, she's coming with me
We'll have a baby who stutters repeatedly
We'll name him history, he'll repeat after me
He’s my legacy, son of my hard work
Future of my past, he’ll explain who I be
Rank me amongst the greats, either 1, 2 or 3
If I ain’t number one
then I failed you victory
Ain’t in it for the fame, that dies within weeks
Ain’t in it for the money, can’t take it when you leave
I wanna be remembered long after you grieve
Long after I’m gone, long after I breathe
I leave all I am, in the hands of history
That's my last will testimony
This is much more than a song, it’s a baby shower
I’ve been waiting for this hour, history, you're ours

[Chorus: Tony Williams]
Now that all the smoke is gone
And the battle's finally won
Victory’s finally ours
History so loved, so long, so long, so long
Now that all the smoke is gone
And the battle's finally won
Victory’s finally ours
History so loved, so long, so long, so long
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Refrain: Amnesty]
Hard to see (Ooh)
The hang-ups we have today (Ooh)
Said we need to strive for more liberty
Lift yourself up on your feet
Let's get it on
Lift yourself up on your feet
Let's get it on

[Drop: Amnesty]
Lift yourself up on your feet
Let's get it on
Lift yourself up on your feet
Let's get it on
Lift yourself up on your feet
Let's get it on
Lift yourself up on your feet
Let's get it on

[Refrain: Amnesty]
Hard to see (Ooh)
The hang-ups we have today (Ooh)
Said we need to strive for more liberty
Lift yourself up on your feet
Lift yourself up on your feet
Lift

[Break: Dezz]

[Bridge: Amnesty]
Lift your—, lift your—, lift yourself
Lift-lift your—, lift your—, lift your—, lift your—, lift-lift

[Refrain: Kanye West & Amnesty ]
Hard to see (Ooh)
The hang-ups we have today-ay-ay (Ooh)
(But they don't really realize, though)
Said we need to strive for more liberty
(This next verse, this next verse though)
Lift yourself up on your feet
(These bars)
Lift yourself up on your feet
(Watch this shit, go)

[Verse: Kanye West]
Poopy-di-scoop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-di-scoop-di-poop
Poopty-scoopty, scoopty-whoop
Whoopity-scoop, whoop-poop
Poop-diddy-whoop-scoop
Poop, poop, scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop-poop

[Outro: Dezz]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Good Morning America Lyrics

[Intro]
Good morning, America (Ahh)
(Wake up, wake up, wake up)
The saga continues
Good morning, America (Ahh)
(Wake up, wake up, wake up)
'Cause as the gold Daytons spin
(Wake up, wake up, wake up)
A new revelation
Good morning, America (Ahh)

[Verse 1]
Good morning, America
A new day, we gotta hit the schedule ahead of us
The letter K, D-O-T, add a space like a Microsoft keypad
You can't see me, invisible ski mask
Poke the eyes out my beanie
Ghetto Zorro on the headlines, I leave
Feces, shit on niggas, nigga
My flow come in plural
Multiple of it, majority love it
I got the masses, meaning societies, public
Low Dickie shorts, L.A. fashion still holding grudges
Ain't forgot y'all killed Pac, niggas
Ain't forgot y'all left the West Coast for dead
Tried to play it off like the paramedics was coming
Instead, we dusted off, pulled the bullet out our heads
Left a permanent scar for the whole world to recognize
California, economics, pay your taxes bitch

[Pre-Chorus]
It's a new day
New chronic, new hundred spoke, new six tray
New Snoop, new 2Pac, new Doc Dre
A new West Coast to wake up to, Nate

[Chorus]
Good morning, America
As a new day begins, the saga continues
A new breeze stepping in
I hope that you're ready
'Cause as the gold Daytons spin, brings forth new life
A new revelation (The second coming is here)
Show you right

[Verse 2]
Oh, you done fucked up, baby
Young Kendrick, the grown up baby
On enough to acknowledge your fuck ups
Maybe I spare your life, maybe I won't
Maybe I give you the funk
Geroge Clinton, bring my sentence like I got a English major in it
This is higher academics, pay attention, students
Niggas, what was you foolin' with a handgun?
Might as well have a harpoon, then
I carry two or more with me like I'm carpoolin'
We mobb deep when it's beef
I don't say "get 'em," I say "move in"
S.W.A.T team so aggressive, turn a minor problem extreme
Kool-Aid red beam on top of my weapon
Notice my professionalism, I'm perfecting my craft
You niggas is half doin' your job, insubordination
I'mma have the boss get you fired
Oh, I am the boss
Get terminated, bitch

[Pre-Chorus]
It's a new day
New chronic, new hundred spoke, new six tray
New Snoop, new 2Pac, new Doc Dre
A new West Coast, don't wake up too late

[Chorus]
Good morning, America
As a new day begins, the saga continues
A new breeze stepping in
I hope that you're ready
'Cause as the gold Daytons spin, brings forth new life
A new revelation (The second coming is here)
Show you right

[Verse 3]
The moral is try your best to not collide with the best of 'em
I ain't talkin' 'bout you, I talk about Jay, Nas, and Em
Crème de la crème, homie
Pockets fat, hand boney
How is that?
Kinda ironic, the West Coast, I underline it
Make him my priority, in orderly fashion, I ain't livin' in
Nobody lasted in time, nobody closing your blinds
The sun is shining, bitch

[Pre-Chorus]
It's a new day
New chronic, new hundred spoke, new six tray
New Snoop, new 2Pac, new Doc Dre
A new West Coast, don't wake up too late

[Chorus]
Good morning, America
As a new day begins, the saga continues
A new breeze stepping in
I hope that you're ready
'Cause as the gold Daytons spin, brings forth new life
A new revelation (The second coming is here)
Show you right

[Outro]
My nigga, hahahaha
Roll your window down, start there
Ahahaha
See, you gotta hear the street
You gotta be snortin', you know
You gotta taste that shit, feel that
Learn that shit, brotha
Learn that shit, that shit will get you killed
These mothafuckas plottin' all kinds of shit behind your back
Shit
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Fix of Heart Lyrics
Lyrics From Snippet

[Chorus]
My mama mad at me, I know I fucked up big
My girl mad at me, I know I fucked up big
What's love? I guess I'll never understand
Every time I say sorry, I do that shit again
Check, check, check, I made a promise
That I would never leave you stressed, I made a promise
And I would never sent that text, I made a promise
And if I ever felt distant, I will be honest

[Verse]
Shawty bought my [?] in a [?] at the fast life
Walkin' my [?] in the road in the mass type
Big fat thoughts bumping my [?] with my dad right
Poppin' my bars with my [?] got my [?]
Same in with you, SZA, ayy, ha
My jokеs more duse...
...
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Chorus]
Closed on Sunday, you're my Chick-fil-A
Closed on Sunday, you my Chick-fil-A
Hold the selfies, put the 'Gram away
Get your family, y'all hold hands and pray
When you got daughters, always keep 'em safe
Watch out for vipers, don't let them indoctrinate
Closed on Sunday, you my Chick-fil-A
You're my number one, with the lemonade
Raise our sons, train them in the faith
Through temptations, make sure they're wide awake
Follow Jesus, listen and obey
No more livin' for the culture, we nobody's slave

[Verse]
Stand up for my home
Even if I take this walk alone
I bow down to the King upon the throne
My life is His, I'm no longer my own
I pray to God that He'll strengthen my hand
They will think twice steppin' onto my land
I draw the line, it's written in the sand
Try me and you will see that I ain't playin'
Now, back up off my family, move your hands
I got my weapons in the spirit's land
I, Jezebel don't even stand a chance
Jezebel don't even stand a chance

[Outro: A$AP Bari]
Chick-fil-A
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
A nigga so goddamn stressed out
I feel like "fuck everything" right now
See, I've been broke too long, can't find a job to save my life
But I'll be damned if I
give
'em my hand out
See, my pride is one thing I will not put aside
I'm too proud to beg, I'm sorry, Left Eye
If I don't make it in life, motherfucker, I tried
What? Uh

[Chorus 1: Kendrick Lamar]
You ever feel like nobody never understands you but you?
Not your momma, your poppa, only person is you
Not your brother, your sister, the only person is you
You ever feel like nobody never understands you but you?
Nobody, nobody but you
So it feels like, like it's only you

[Chorus 2: Kendrick Lamar]
So I'm feeling like I want to, I want to
I want to, I want to go so far from here
Very, very far from here
I need to, I need to
I need to, I need to go so far from here
Very, very far from here

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
It seems like, you can't win for losing
Whatever you're doing turns out to be "what-are-you-doing?"
Sick of pursuing, that your time will soon come
Nobody knows the position that you in
But it's a million people out there that's going through the same thing
That feeling, hard to explain
When you just, just want to get away
Something like

[Chorus 1: Kendrick Lamar]
You ever feel like nobody never understands you but you?
Not your momma, your poppa, only person is you
Not your brother, your sister, the only person is you
You ever feel like nobody never understands you but you?
Nobody, nobody but you
So it feels like, like it's only you

[Chorus 2: Kendrick Lamar]
So I'm feeling like I want to, I want to
I want to, I want to go so far from here
Very, very far from here
I need to, I need to
I need to, I need to go so far from here
Very, very far from here

[Verse 3: ScHoolboy Q]
Away from it all
Take me out of Hell, where only Heaven can visit
The smartest astronomers, they won't even see my vision
I'm stuck on the studio couch now, thinking 'bout my daughter
Times is getting harder, another beat is slaughtered
Just press record, or
Seems like I need a mill' to keep my shit in order
Instead of problem solving
From my hat to my shoes, spirit laced with pride
Set some shit aside to help me wipe my teary eyes
Reaching for the skies, pissing on a cloud
Shitting on a bird's head, higher than a dread
As I fly through the galaxy, pain and the agony
Nothingness surrounding me
Living my life
Though it's better to write
Configuring my style to the streets, bring dark to the light
So how you feel? My nigga, I keep it real
A Schoolboy soon to be star, Mr. Lamar

[Chorus 2: Kendrick Lamar]
So I'm feeling like I want to, I want to
I want to, I want to go so far from here
Very, very far from here
I need to, I need to
I need to, I need to go so far from here
Very, very far from here
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Denzel Washington in Training Day ]

[Intro]
This is a public service announcement
We call it Blood Sport
I had to do one too, I sorry
I'm a competitor
Oh my God, it's about to get hideous
I hope you niggas know your history

[Chorus]
Homie go ask Doc (talk about me)
Homie go ask Nas (and he'll tell ya)
Homie go ask Jay (young fella)
But when you ask them all (don't be jealous)
I'm the best in LA. In LA
Or wherever the fuck that you stay

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
It's all copastetic
Hip-hop no longer face Armageddon
Call me Bruce Willis
No call me lieutenant tinted windows on the black benz
So they only see it late nights like Jay Leno
I fuck twice your girlfriend probly told you we can't fuck
No, she lying
Oh my god I am the best rapper under 25 you can underline it
You abusing the game you defiant
Disobedient student need attention
Have parent conference I'll be there, Just let me know what classroom you in my son
I am Dwyane Wade of recording
You more like Kobe Bryant with no endorsements
That's like Shaq at the freethrow, pointless
I'm equivalent to a Earl Boykins, Spud Webb, Muggsy Bogues
I suppose I handle the rock well
I do hoes like Stockton and Malone: make my pick then roll
The ugly ones go to Sam Cassell
You washed up like Nick Van Exel
Shawn Kemp, Robert Parish, John Salley whole career on the bench
Let's get deeper in these NBA statistics
My team something like the retro Celtics
Which means consecutive championships
Which means I'm Larry Bird's equivalent
To the way I do a verse he handle the ball
The same way I handle it with no pen
I call Jay Rock when I wanna dish it off
He bang like Vince Carter when he first saw NBA Court
Alley oop the court let him do what he want
Bang. Aw fuck it let's talk more sports
How bout football?
I run the game like Walter Payton back 1984
I'm pass you niggas like Peyton Manning
Play the field like Ray Buchanan
When I kick it like Morten Anderson it gets scary
Weight on my shoulder, refrigerator Perry
Hip-hop cops on me, I dodge 'em like Barry
Sanders
John Madden hold your commentary
Keep the cameras on I'm primetime like the '95 Deion
Should I keep going?
Aw fuck it let me keep going
I'mma do it like the '97 T Owens
Not the ‘07 T Owens
T Owens with Jeff Garcia throwing the pigskin
Y'all need to work on y'all defense
I train like Warren Sapp on the weekend
Maneuver like Warrick Dunn
I'm just having a little fun have some with me
Let's go baseball now the '94 Ken Griffey
One man roster matter fact I'm the '96 Mike Piazza
MVP of LA, call the doctor
I came up with my assumptions I must be rap ESPN or something
It’s about time for halftime reporting
I’m a star kicking niggas off the field and court man
I know you good with the right but you still ain’t nice till you do it with the left hand
You ain’t nice till you play all positions
Or knock it out the stadium, hey wait a min
I got tickets to the all star game, to pro bowl game baby girl bring a friend
I’m a get you in, I’m a take you out, I’m a stick it in
You might say, "ouch"
Just let me score one time
Dribble my balls to the floor one time
I’d be going for a week bet they gon’ miss me more than a pitch from Nolan Ryan
I am the Jeff Gordon of recording
I am Tony Hawk if I was skateboarding
I am Michael Irv before the coke snortin'
Aw fuck it I’m what’s ever important
After this you gon applaud him
If not, fuck it, I’m blood-sportin'
Homie, I’m blood sport

[Outro: Kendrick Lamar]
Ya’ll niggas ran out of time to get ya’ll shit together, man
I’m here
Hey, hey, hey, hey Moose what I gotta do, boy?
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Translations
Türkçe
Português
Deets Lyrics
Lyrics from
GNX
Trailer
and
Super Bowl LIX Halftime Show

[Intro]
Only thing matter right now is livin' right now and I can't spare no feelings
Quiet on set, but my aura loud, I navigate through hood shit and wisdom
The money all here, young man, fuck holdin' your hand, you'll die broke tryna play victim
The little ideas I told made people go rogue until God did me a big one

[Verse]
Reincarnated with love
My Gemini twin back, powerin' up
No more handshakes and hugs
The energy only circulate through us
Everybody must be judged
But this time, God only favorin' us
Twenty years in, still got that pen dedicated to bare our truth
The etiquette speak with a vigilant tongue, the predicate this time is "fuck you"
I'm carryin' heavier hearts right now, I can power lift with Olympians too
I'm carryin' various darts right now, I desert this bitch like Tiramisù
See, we goin' body for body, I hand you a body, I'm probably a better masseuse
I really don't bother nobody, but they run it by me if I got to clear out the room
You would not get the picture if I had to sit you for hours in front of the Louvre
You would not have a soul even if I had told you to stand next to Johnny and Q
Started with nothing but government cheese, but now I can seize the government too
Remember the food stamp color was tan and brown, but now the hunnid in blue
'Member I said "I'm the greatest" back when you debated the number one and number two?
Topic was always hilarious to me, you carried 'em to me, I brung out the— Christ
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Chorus]
Ayy, ya heard about the good news?
Y'all sleeping on me, huh? Had a good snooze?
Wake up, nigga, wake up
We 'bout to get this paper

[Verse 1]
Money never made me
Make me do something? Nah, can't make me
Even if the money low, can't pay me
Even if the money low, can't play me

[Chorus]
Ayy, ya heard about the good news?
Y'all sleeping on me, huh? Had a good snooze?
Wake up, nigga, wake up
We 'bout to get this paper

[Verse 2]
Pablo bought a Rolie and a rottweiler
Seem like the more fame, I only got wilder
Hands up, we just doing what the cops taught us
Hands up, we just doing what the cops taught us
I've been outta my mind a long time
I've been outta my mind a long time
I be saying how I feel at the wrong time
Might not come when you want but I'm on time

[Chorus]
Ayy, ya heard about the good news?
Y'all sleeping on me, huh? Had a good snooze?
Wake up, nigga, wake up
We 'bout to get this paper

[Verse 3]
I can't let these people play me
Name one genius that ain't crazy
Follow our father
You borrow our motto
I'm a Chicago south sider
I'm a Chicago south sider

[Chorus]
Ayy, ya heard about the good news?
Y'all sleeping on your boy, had a good snooze?
Wake up, nigga, wake up
It's time to get the paper

[Verse 4]
I've been outta my mind a long time
I've been outta my mind a long time
I know, I know, I shouldn't even bother
With all these gossiping, no-pussy-getting bloggers
Fashion show in Gotham, I need another costume
PETA mad 'cause I made a jacket outta possum
Awesome, Steve Jobs mixed with Steve Austin
Rich slave in the fabric store picking cotton
If Hov J then every Jordan need a Rodman
Man, Jay, they don't really want no problems
Driving in the same car that they killed Pac in
Driving in the same urr that they killed Pac in
Hands up, we just doing what the cops taught us
Hands up, hands up, then the cops shot us

[Outro]
Hold on, hold on, hold on
Wait a second, everybody here, I'm the ghetto Oprah
You know what that mean? You get a fur! You get a fur!
You get a jet! You get a jet! Big booty bitch for you! Woo!

[Produced by Kanye West, Mike Dean, Plain Pat & Charlie Heat]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Kanye West]
Yeah
And you say Chi city!
Chi city! Chi city!

[Chorus: Chris Martin & Kanye West ]
I'm comin' home again
Do you think about me now and then?
(Yeah)
Do you think about me now and then?
'Cause I'm comin' home again
(Ow!)
-Min' home again

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
I met this girl when I was three years old
And what I loved most, she had so much soul
She said, "Excuse me, little homie, I know you don't know me, but
My name is Windy and I like to blow trees," and
From that point, I'd never blow her off
Niggas come from out of town, I like to show her off
They like to act tough, she like to tow 'em off
And make 'em straighten up they hat 'cause she know they soft
And when I grew up, she showed me how to go downtown
In the nighttime, her face lit up, so astoundin'
I told her in my heart is where she'll always be
She never messed with entertainers 'cause they always leave
She said, "It felt like they walked and drove on me"
Knew I was gang affiliated, got on TV and told on me
I guess that's why last winter she got so cold on me
She said, "Ye, keep makin' that, keep makin' that platinum and gold for me"

[Chorus: Chris Martin]
I'm comin' home again
Do you think about me now and then?
Do you think about me now and then?
'Cause I'm comin' home again
-Min' home again
Do you think about me now and then?
Do you think about me now and then? Oh!
Now I'm comin' home again
Maybe we can start again

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
But if you really cared for her
Then you wouldn't've never hit the airport to follow your dreams
Sometimes, I still talk to her
But when I talk to her, it always seems like she talkin' 'bout me
She said, "You left your kids, and they just like you
They wanna rap and make soul beats just like you
But they just not you," and I just got through
Talkin' 'bout what niggas tryin' to do just not new
Now everybody got the game figured out all wrong
I guess you never know what you got 'til it's gone
I guess that's why I'm here and I can't come back home
And guess when I heard that? When I was back home
Every interview, I'm representin' you, makin' you proud
Reach for the stars, so if you fall, you land on a cloud
Jump in the crowd, spark your lighters, wave 'em around
If you don't know by now, I'm talkin' 'bout Chi-Town

[Chorus: Chris Martin]
I'm comin' home again
Do you think about me now and then?
Do you think about me now and then?
'Cause I'm comin' home again
-Min' home again
Baby, do you remember when
Fireworks at Lake Michigan? Oh!
Now I'm comin' home again
-Min' home again
Baby, do you remember when
Fireworks at Lake Michigan? Oh!
Now I'm comin' home again
Maybe we can start again

[Outro: Chris Martin]
Loy-oy-al, loy-oy-al
Comin' home again
Loy-oy-al, loy-oy-al
Comin' home again
Maybe we can start again
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Trip Lyrics
This song was created to portray a setting when Kendrick Lamar was still trying to make his way into the music industry. He felt as if nobody really accepted him for who he really was.

[Intro]
Boarding completed
I'd like to welcome you aboard flight number F2B3
Our scheduled flying time will be four hours and twenty minutes
And we will be cruising at an altitude of thirty-three-thousand feet
At this time we would like to acquaint you with some of the features
Relax and breathe normally

[Verse 1]
Uh, comin' down like I'm uphill
Hoggin' both lanes better than a bus will
She tell me that my head bigger than a bus wheel
But it don't matter 'cause she still gon' let me fuck still
I mix a little bit of Kendrick with some L.A. weather
Then step out like Chicago in its finest era
You niggas beggin' for attention, doin' extra-extra
Downgradin' yourself, you get an F for effort
Haha, I let the world know
I chose to keep to myself and let the world go
And if you don't like a nigga, then let your girl know
So she can be curious, hit Twitter lookin' me up
I'm laid back with a bad one, you ain't never had one
Ass so fat that it tipped over the Aston
Speedin' on the 1-0-5 'til the fuckin' badge come
Hello to my wittiness, I'm Cadillac's grandson

[Chorus]
And I'm a trip
Ever since an understudy, man, I always been a trip
Mama tell me that she love me but she know her son a trip
Baby, open up your ears, you ain't heard it like this
Sounwave drop the beat, I lock the flow down
Now all the way to the moon we 'bout to go now
I got enough of the mojo to go around
So pack your bags and tell him you goin' out of town
'Cause I'm a trip

[Verse 2]
Landin' on another runway, fly with me
Or die tryna fly, a shot-down Frisbee
Shout out to Black Hippy
Nigga, we on like we never been, off straight shots of Patron
I'm give y'all the business to give y'all some business
Pussy ain't shit, I can give y'all some bitches
Clean off her sports bra, she clean off my dishes
Then wear off the Kangols, hood rats, I hate those
And she know what this is, hey, lil' mama
Seen your pretty ass around the way, lil' mama
But why you always in somebody face, lil' mama?
Embarrassin' yourself, get off the stage, lil' Mama
Nigga, I gotta be that nigga
If I ain't, I gotta beat that nigga
Courtesy of Paula's oldest son, pay homage
Or pay attention, open your eyes and hear knowledge

[Chorus]
And I'm a trip
Ever since an understudy, man, I always been a trip
Mama tell me that she love me but she know her son a trip
Baby, open up your ears, you ain't heard it like this
Sounwave drop the beat, I lock the flow down
Now all the way to the moon we 'bout to go now
I got enough of the mojo to go around
So pack your bags and tell him you goin' out of town
'Cause I'm a trip

[Verse 3]
Gi-give me that, gi-gi-give me that
That's how I get at 'em when I look at a shoe rack
Penny for thoughts, mine start at a few racks
So I can live on a hill just off a few raps
I want to live in a space that none of y'all can visit
That might be outer space, the Jupiter district
I quadruple my vision
If you don't see it then you're dead with your eyes open
I seen bullets hit the wheel, left his ride smokin'
On some Compton shit
Somebody that'll ride or die, that's a Compton bitch
You see my city is the city of Lamar
It take twenty years 'fore a nigga see them all
The swap meet jumpin', the sawed-off pumpin'
The tree for the low, don't you know, Paul Bunyan?
I'm on cloud nine, I can see rain comin'
So if I'm out my mind, people don't say nothin'

[Chorus]
And I'm a trip
Ever since an understudy, man, I always been a trip
Mama tell me that she love me but she know her son a trip
Baby, open up your ears, you ain't heard it like this
Sounwave drop the beat, I lock the flow down
Now all the way to the moon we 'bout to go now
I got enough of the mojo to go around
So pack your bags and tell him you goin' out of town
'Cause I'm a trip

[Outro]
How was your flight Mr. Lamar?
Good, hope to see you next time
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
It was eye-witnessing poverty
Burning bullets allowing these walls breaking
Devour these laws trying to empower me
I thought I knew the reason you grew to love sour diesel
Smokin' like locomotive, your focus was hourly
And then you caught me, your pity party had towered me
Shower me with the will that never dried
I tell you, "Put your worries and friendly doubts to the side"
I doubt that you listen, it’s stuck in your system, I tried
She’s been miserable, she’s been livin' in prison
Soaking up life’s reality, this is the visual
Baby daddy a light build, blade walkin' with high heel
Paid stalking that avenue, never knew how the light feel, I
Got a plan, got a plan for ya
I just might hold a couple bands for ya
And leave this message in the sand for ya
Tell me you’re ready to change
She said, "Nah, nigga, it’s part of the game"
Just like heroin

[Chorus: Lance Skiiiwalker]
Streets don't fail me now, need you right on time
Say, right on time
Please stay paced and ground, need you right on time
Say, you right on time
Streets don't fail me now, need you right on time
Say, you right on time
God, please lift the smile, need you right on time
Say, right on time

[Post-Chorus: SZA]
Run away from the fire, I fly downhill
Lay your head over this side, now
You keep pain on the inside, now
What's been eating you, who's been needing you?
You been keeping it down, and
You been taking me higher and higher

[Verse 2: Punch]
Functioning addict, I’m high off her passion
Chasing history’s baddest, I mastered this apparatus
Rackin' my brain, I'm scared of being average
Going against the grain just tryna maintain my savage
Foolish of her to try to play towards my vanity
And foolish of me to let her do it, I love calamity
I love a challenge, nah, I love the fantasy
And this is high stakes, I risk it all for a pair of snakes
Connect the dot, nigga, this is fate
Not talking predestination
I'm talking blind dedication
Plan B is contraception, we didn’t make it
Sex-ercise a little bit of patience
The love of the rush is us
I'm addicted to violence, helicopters, and sirens
Blood pressure is skying, nigga, I'm trying
I never felt more alive than I felt dying
Heroin

[Chorus: Lance Skiiiwalker & SZA ]
Streets don't fail me now, need you right on time
Say, right on time
Please stay paced and ground, need you right on time
Say, you right on time
Streets don't fail me now, need you right on time
Say, you right on time
God, please lift the smile, need you right on time
(Say, right on time)

[Post-Chorus 2: Isaiah Rashad & SZA ]
I heard you spending all your time, baby
(Ooh, ooh)
And you could never get a dime, baby
(Never get a dime)
At least a nigga got a dime, baby
(At least a nigga got it)
It's hard to come home
(Hard to come home)
It's hard to come home
(Hard to come home, baby)

[Verse 3: Jay Rock & Kendrick Lamar ]
She my gift and my curse, she really quenching my thirst
Baby my vice, got me driving with no headlights ( Is that right? )
She know my thoughts, pleasures, and pain
Everybody love her and she love everybody the same
She said, "I got a plan, got a plan for ya
I might hold a couple bands for ya
Leave a message in the sand for ya"
Tell me you want me to change
Hell nah, I'm still sippin' the same
Nigga, it's just like heroin
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Translations
Русский (Russian)
Español
Svenska
Português
Türkçe
Italiano
Everything I Am Lyrics
On the 10th track from Graduation, ‘Ye claims his personality is what got him where he is today.
Contains samples of “If We Can’t Be Lovers” by Prince Phillip Mitchell and “Bring the Noise” by Public Enemy.

[Produced by Kanye West]

[Chorus]
Damn
Here we go again
Common passed on this beat, I made it to a jam
Now everything I'm not made me everything I am
Damn ( Here we go )
Here we go again
People talkin' shit, but when the shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me everything I am

[Verse 1]
I'll never be picture-perfect, Beyoncé
Be light as Al B or black as Chauncey
Remember him from Blackstreet? He was black as the street was
I'll never be laid back as this beat was
I never could see why people'll reach a
Fake-ass facade that they couldn't keep up
You see how I creeped up?
You see how I played a big
Role in Chicago like Queen Latifah?
I'll never rock a mink coat in the wintertime like Killa Cam
Or rock some mink boots in the summertime like will.i.am
Let me know if you feel it, man
'Cause everything I'm not made me everything I am

[Chorus]
Damn
Here we go again
Everybody sayin' what's not for him
But everything I'm not made me everything I am
Damn ( Here we go )
Here we go again
People talkin' shit, but when the shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me everything I am

[Verse 2]
And I'm back to tear it up
Haters start your engines, I hear 'em gearin' up
People talk so much shit about me at barbershops
They forget to get they hair cut
Okay, fair enough, the streets is flarin' up
'Cause they want gun talk,
or I don't wear enough
Baggy clothes, Reeboks, or A-di-dos
Can I add that he do spaz out at his shows?
So, say goodbye to the NAACP Award
Goodbye to the India Arie Award
They'd rather give me the Ni-Nigga Please Award
But I'll just take the I Got a Lot of Cheese Award

[Chorus]
Damn
Here we go again
Bum-tu-bum-bum-bum
But everything I'm not made me everything I am
( Here we go ) Damn
Here we go again
People talkin' shit, but when the shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me everything I am

[Verse 3]
I know people wouldn't usually rap this
But I got the facts to back this
Just last year, Chicago had over six hundred caskets
Man, killing's some wack shit
Oh, I forgot, 'cept for when niggas is rappin'
Do you know what it feel like when people is passin'?
He got changed over his chains a block off Ashland
I need to talk to somebody, pastor
The church want
tithe
, so
I can't afford to pay
Pink slip on my door, 'cause I can't afford to stay
My fifteen seconds up, but I got more to say
That's enough, Mr. West, please, no more today

[Chorus]
( Here we go! ) Damn
Here we go again
Everybody sayin' what's not for him
But everything I'm not made me everything I am
( Here we go ) Damn
Here we go again
People talkin' shit, but when the shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me everything I am

[Outro]
Here we go-we go
Here we go-we go
Go-go-go again
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Alright (BET Version) Lyrics
The live performance at the 2015 BET awards.

[Produced by Pharrell Williams & Sounwave]

[Intro]
Alls my life I has to fight, hittas
Alls my life I...
Hard times like, "Yeah!"
Bad trips like, "Yeah!"
Nazareth, I'm on one
Homie you on one
But if God got us
Then we gon' be alright

[Chorus: Pharrell Williams]
We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Huh? We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright

[Verse 1]
Uh, and when I wake up
I recognize you're lookin' at me for the pay cut
But homicide be lookin' at you from the face down
What Mac-11 even boom with the bass down
Schemin', and let me tell you 'bout my life
Painkillers only put me in the twilight
Where pretty uh, uh is the highlight
Now tell my momma I love her but this what I like, Lord knows
20 of 'em in my Chevy, tell 'em all to come and get me
Everything I sow, so my karma come
And heaven no preliminary hearing, so my record
Tell the world I know it's too late
Boys and girls, I think I gone cray
Drown inside my vices all day
Won't you please believe when I say?

[Pre-Chorus]
Wouldn't you know
We been hurt, been down before
Hitta, when our pride was low
Lookin' at the world like, "Where do we go?"
Hitta, and we hate po-po
Wanna kill us dead in the street fo' sho'
Hitta, I'm at the preacher's door
My knees gettin' weak, and my gun might blow
But we gon' be alright

[Chorus: Pharrell Williams]
We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Huh? We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright

[Verse 2]
What you want, you a house, you a car?
A piano, a guitar?
Anything, see my name is Lucy, I'm your dog
Look, you can live at the mall
I can see the evil, I can tell it, I know it's illegal
I don't think about it, I deposit every little zero
Thinkin' of my partner, put the candy, paint it on the Regal
Diggin' in my pocket, ain't a profit big enough to feed you
Everyday my logic, get another dollar just to keep you
In the presence of your chico... ah!
I don't talk about it, be about it, everyday I sequel
If I got it then you know you got it, heaven, I can reach you
Pet dog, pet dog, pet dog, my dog, that's all
Pick back and chat, I trap the back for y'all
I rap, I black on track so rest assured
I right my wrongs; I write 'til I'm right with God

[Pre-Chorus]
Wouldn't you know
We been hurt, been down before
Hitta, when our pride was low
Lookin' at the world like, "Where do we go?"
Hitta, and we hate po-po
Wanna kill us dead in the street fo' sho'
Hitta, I'm at the preacher's door
My knees gettin' weak, and my gun might blow
But we gon' be alright

[Chorus: Pharrell Williams]
We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Huh? We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
Get back
Look I started from the bottom, at the very bottom
Mixin' Hen with similac my momma knew I had a problem
I was jibbing for a bottom, putting quarter pieces in the black caprice and make it holla (Alright)
No releasing me, I got the piece in me, I gotta
Keep the decency and make them TNT my product
I'm a C-O-M-P-T-O-innovator, energizer
Inner-city bullet fly 'til that thing on auto pilot (Alright)
I don't really care about the care abouts
All I care about is wearing out your upper body
When I catch ya, when I catch ya, walking out your parents house
(Alright)
Fourteen years old sound so raw making plays home boy
Big K's and my big dogs
Never, ever, went straight home, boy
(Alright)
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Two things always been off-limits
I still say, women and children
Today, nobody living with moral compass
Point the fingers around the mirrors
Play this song on the radio
I need everybody on the dance floor tonight
Possibility a language where nobody wins
Possibility the governor employed tonight
Hell calls in the South again
How many laws violated by old men gambling they advantages?
Be compelled by John Bale, looking for worship
Man's world but never dilated for nurture
The ego is alive and ugly
There's way too many lies to trust me
Off-limits always been women and children
But now they tell me there's limits on abortion money

[Chorus: Lily Kershaw]
It's funny how they will convince you you're wrong
For all the things you haven't done
What's one more day left in the sun?
Without you, I'm not anyone

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
She said, “Mama, can I stay in the house and get some sleep?
The pressure that I'm feeling and dealing with runs deep
I'm nervous every time that you fellowship out the week
I hate to watch you fall in a coma after you drink
I know you tell me I got to stay in a child's place
But if you still a child, we running the same race
I tried to save face and disregard the scars
That's wrapping around my waist, living my truth is hard
Especially when I can't be honest when I'm around you
Your new boyfriend got a secret and need some counsel
The days you go to work on the weekend, he crack the door
Then he sneak in the back, doin' some things never allowed to
Why don't you believe me? I got battle wounds to show you
Why don't you believe me? I got more life to go through
I know that it's easy for you to lay up with a man
Protecting your daughter, never necessary by chance
I guess it's my fault for choosing you as my mother
A soul reconnected, we probably made for each other
I know you wish that I'd keep my feelings inside my room
But sometimes I wish that I never made it out of your womb," Oxy

[Pre-Chorus: Lily Kershaw]
Can't fall asleep without you rocking me to sleep
Without you

[Chorus: Lily Kershaw]
It's funny how they will convince you you're wrong
For all the things you haven't done
What's one more day left in the sun?
Without you, I'm not anyone

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
When I become a mother, I wanna be healthy
I wanna be educated so life don't fail me
I wanna give my child infinite opportunities, wisdom and security
Vision and freedom, believing in purity
I want my baby have a joyous one
To see optimism whenever paranoia come
To know my intentions was to make sure my seed flourish
Loving them unconditionally as the most assertive
I wanna be a healthy mother like Clair Huxtable
Florida Evans before my faith is indebted
I wanna be a mother passing on good karma
With no emotional luggage to intercept and inherit
I want my child to have a chance at life, to celebrate (Fall asleep)
To live out the box, advance in life and regulate (Fall asleep)
But if I could spare your life, I would, 'cause nothing out here is good (Fall asleep)
If this man is making you out of rape, understood? (Fall asleep)

[Bridge: Kendrick Lamar]
Two things always been off-limits
I still say, women and children
Today, nobody living with moral compass
Point the fingers around the mirrors
Play this song on the radio
I need everybody on the dance floor tonight
Possibility a language where nobody wins
Possibility the governor employed tonight

[Outro: Kendrick Lamar]
I gave you every reason to make it even and lift your hands
I gave you life, I gave you a voice, I gave you land
I gave you rights, I gave you a choice, I gave you plans
I gave you principles, I gave you guidelines commendable
For prospering, I can see you living life in a trance
Apocalypse only happen if you never transcend
I gave you love, you turned it to hate
I gave you bread, you turned it to cake
I gave you sex, you made it to rape
Gave you vision, but you covered your eyes multiple times
Gave you truth, but you made it revised, covered with lies
Look at you; confused and barely abusing ego
Feds using the people around you for ground zero
Even compromised myself, gave you free will
Hoping you'll make decision for self, knowing how I feel
Judge as the last one
Abortion or no abortion
We all aborted the moment we aborted compassion
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Jay-Z]
Dig a hole, bury yourself, nigga!
Go head! Keep goin'!
I got some nice dresses for you guys
The incomparable H.O.

[Chorus: Sterling Simms & Jay-Z ]
Told ya to get ya money when you see a boss comin' ( Yes )
Thought shit was funny, but watch what you see now ( What you see now? )
Nothin’ left to accomplish, I done came out and conquered ( Came, conquered )
And now what’s that you talking 'bout? We gon' see now ( We gon' see now )
Dig a hole ( Dig a hole )
Dig a hole ( Go ahead )
Dig a hole ( Muthafucka, bury yourself )
Dig a hole ( Dig a hole )
Dig a hole ( Dig a hole )
Dig a hole ( Dig a hole )

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
I’m still here, mon frére!
I know the cross I bear
They like, “That’s why they call you Hov”
I’m like, “Yeah”
I’m like air, lil' shots go through me
Won’t tear one tissue, no tears, no tissue, not an issue
Don’t cry for me
I peep these niggas from deep
Got a front row seat, even if you don’t speak
Silent partner, I hear you loud and clear
Left a fingerprint, you ain’t gotta be there
I’m just waiting til’ you dig a hole big enough to put your whole body in
Then I’m gon' body them
It's nothing but a hobby to him
Simple as a serve in volley to him
Niggas like, “Hov, why don’t you get at ol’ boy?”
Why kill a puppet and leave Geppetto alive?
Why not wait to catch them all together?
That’s why you dig one big hole, one time

[Chorus: Sterling Simms & Jay-Z ]
Told ya to get ya money when you see a boss comin'
Thought shit was funny, but watch what you see now (What you see now?)
Nothin’ left to accomplish, I done came out and conquered
And now what’s that you talking 'bout? We gon' see now ( Uh! We gon' see now )
Dig a hole ( Dig a hole )
Dig a hole ( Dig a hole )
Dig a hole ( Go ahead, bury yourself )
Dig a hole ( Dig a hole )
Dig a hole ( Dig a hole )
Dig a hole ( Go ahead )

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
How is niggas dissin' me?
I made it possible for niggas to make history
How is this possible? Please explain this shit to me
How is it logical? Have we forgotten our history?
Let’s open our bibles
It's like the disciples, dissing Jesus, and becoming his rivals
Shunning the one thing that they owe they life to
You let that man hype you to go against your idol
Knowing good and goddamn well this what I do
Think I’m in the office, I’m off my grind?
That’s how kids become orphans – you lost ya mind?
I keep my enemies close
I give ‘em enough rope
They put themselves in the air
I just kick away the chair

[Chorus: Sterling Simms & Jay-Z ]
Told ya to get ya money when you see a boss comin' ( Uh, uh, uh! )
Thought shit was funny, but watch what you see now ( What you see now? )
Nothin’ left to accomplish, I done came out and conquered ( Uh-huh )
And now what’s that you talking 'bout? We gon' see now ( We gon' see now )
Dig a hole ( Dig a hole )
Dig a hole ( Dig a hole )
Dig a hole ( Go ahead, bury yourself )
Dig a hole ( Dig a hole )
Dig a hole ( Dig a hole )
Dig a hole ( Go ahead, bury yourself )

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Hov gon' get you, I ain’t forget your lil' disrespect
No, ho – daddy gon' spank you for that shit you said
It's hard to do when you’ve got nothing to prove
Everybody know you better, you in a lose-lose
'Cause even when you win, ultimately you lose
Real niggas like, “Why Hov talking to dude?”
You sellin' in low 2's; only time you went Plat
My chain was on your neck, that’s an actual fact
So I’m prayin' that it spills outside of the booth
That’s when ya'll niggas outside of your truth
Outside of your league, that’s not what you do
Niggas throwin' Roc signs outside of your Coupe
Don’t look at Hov like he done something wrong to ‘em
'Cause he’s on to 'em
He just took what belonged to him
Niggas is playing checkers with chess-playing Hov
This game is over, I don’t know if ya’ll know
You in the hole

[Chorus: Sterling Simms & Jay-Z ]
Told ya to get ya money when you see a boss comin' ( Uh, uh, uh! )
Thought shit was funny, but watch what you see now ( What you see now? )
Nothin’ left to accomplish, I done came out and conquered ( Uh-huh )
And now what’s that you talking 'bout? We gon' see now ( We gon' see now )
Dig a hole ( Dig a hole )
Dig a hole ( Dig a hole )
Dig a hole ( Go ahead, bury yourself )
Dig a hole ( Dig a hole )
Dig a hole ( Dig a hole )
Dig a hole ( Go ahead, bury yourself )
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
God is
My light in darkness, oh
God, God is
He, He is my all and all (And I'll never turn back)
God is

[Verse]
Everything that hath breath praise the Lord
Worship Christ with the best of your portions
I know I won't forget all He's done
He's the strength in this race that I run
Every time I look up, I see God's faithfulness
And it shows just how much He is miraculous
I can't keep it to myself, I can't sit here and be still
Everybody, I will tell 'til the whole world is healed
King of Kings, Lord of Lords, all the things He has in store
From the rich to the poor, all are welcome through the door
You won't ever be the same when you call on Jesus' name
Listen to the words I'm sayin', Jesus saved me, now I'm sane
And I know, I know God is the force that picked me up
I know Christ is the fountain that filled my cup
I know God is alive, yeah
He has opened up my vision
Giving me a revelation
This ain't 'bout a dead religion
Jesus brought a revolution
All the captives are forgiven
Time to break down all the prisons
Every man, every woman
There is freedom from addiction
Jesus, You have my soul
Sunday Service on a roll
All my idols, let 'em go
All the demons, let 'em know
This a mission, not a show
This is my eternal soul
This my kids, this the crib
This my wife, this my life
This my God-given right
Thank You, Jesus, won the fight

[Outro]
That's what God is
That's what God is
That's what God is
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Illuminati Proper Lyrics

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
These streets is Jurassic, cowards get asthematic
Astronauts hover throughout the atmosphere
That's the ghetto bird. Pull up on the curve
"Wassup homie!", smoke a nigga then dip
It's the immaculate, verbal assassin
Strangle your perfect etiquette to an accent
This the Jesus of Nazareth
Spittin' gold policies to a world unknown
In a cherry low low, with four zones of weed
No sticks, no seeds
Prestigious when I pulsate the 50 states
My need for speak can corral the largest crowds
Mosh pit, with a big dick screamin' "Bitches ain't shit!"
She gobble gobble for hours, I jumped in the shower
I dismantle, devour hardest Emcees, softer than clam chowder
No challengers can compete, their childish and weak, detrimental
Hazardous hazard to instrumentals, intertwined with God and Frankenstein

[Hook]
I'm Corrupted
I'm Corrupted

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Gimme a hundred g's, for every emcee I dropped to their knees
Verbally useless
"Oh you got the juice!?" I squeeze you juiceless
Catch you, hang you, from any nooses
Been the truth since "Snoop and Tha Pound" was fuckin over Ruthless
Young and I'm ruthless
21 with 21 guns, shot and saluted for Pac
Lyrical cyclops, lasering in on paper and fraudulent friends
Bitch you's a bitch in disguise, and bitches get ten
Bullets to their midsection, Mr. Lethal Injection
In the regal higher than church steeples
I swear to God, can ya lyrics in a jar
I'm a pterodactyl tearin ya squad like pardon
Me and Terrace Martin enacting Martin
Cannibal coexisting with the coldest, that mean I'm the sickest
And Thera-flu won't do, whenever I'm kicking the wickedness
Explosive, cinematic, smoking
Like the barrel of this TEC aimin at ya neck

[Hook]
I'm Corrupted
I'm Corrupted

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
I'm from C-O-M-P-T-O any nigga can get it
The lil homie strapped and he with it
At the Avalon's swap meet, "wassup fool!?"
Blunt longer than Rosecrans
I grab the devil then slow dance
Practice trigonometry
Practice my aim on rooftops eating pastrami sandwiches
You are counterfeit, worthless piece of verses surf this
West Coast with a big scope kill all yal
It's Top Dawg, TDE,
CPT
Quick to tell a bitch jump on my dick A-S-A-P
Complete havoc composer, disorder: rhyme addict
Slaughter houses full of Joeys, Joells, and Royces for ya
Live from the area code of 310
Laughing all the way to the bank with 3 elmos
Three 64's, 1 bottle of goose
I'm the truth
You can put ya hand on the bible and shoot

[Hook]
I'm Corrupted
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Kanye West, Mike Dean & No I.D.]

[Refrain: Swizz Beatz]
One hand in the air if you don't really care
Two hands in the air if you don't really care
It's like that sometimes, I mean ridiculous
It's like that sometimes, this shit ridiculous
One hand in the air if you don't really care
Middle finger in the air if you don't really care
It's like that sometimes, man, ridiculous
Life can be sometimes ridiculous

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
I'm so appalled, Spalding, ball
Balding Donald Trump taking dollars from y'all
Baby, you're fired, your girlfriend hired
But if you don't mind, I'ma keep you on call
We above the law, we don't give a fuck 'bout y'all
I got dogs that'll chew a fuckin' hole through the wall
But since they all lovers, I need more rubbers
And if I don't use rubbers, need more covers
Housekeeping, I mean, goddamn
One time, let it be a bad bitch sweeping
That know we get O's like Cheerios
That know because they seen us in the videos
That know the day that you play me
Would be the same day MTV play videos
That was a little joke, voila
Praises due to the most high, Allah
Praises due to the most fly, Prada
Baby, I'm magic, tada
Address me as your highness, high as United
Thirty thousand feet up and you are not invited
Niggas be writing bullshit like they gotta work
Niggas is going through real shit, man, they out of work
That's why another goddamn dance track gotta hurt
That's why I'd rather spit something that got a purp'

[Chorus: Kanye West & CyHi The Prynce ]
Champagne wishes, thirty white bitches
I mean this shit is fuckin' ridiculous
Fuckin' ridiculous
I mean this shit is fuckin' ridiculous
Five-star dishes, different exotic fishes
Man, this shit is fuckin' ridiculous
Fuckin' ridiculous

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
How should I begin this? I'm just so offended
How am I even mentioned by all these fuckin' beginners?
I'm so appalled, I might buy the mall
Just to show niggas how much more I have in store
I'm fresher than you all, so I don't have to pause
All of y'all can suck my balls through my drawers
Dark Knight feeling, die and be a hero
Or live long enough to see yourself become a villain
I went from the favorite to the most hated
But would you rather be underpaid or overrated?
Moral victories is for minor league coaches
And Ye already told you we major, you cockroaches
Show me where the boats is, Ferrari Testarossas
And Hammer went broke so you know I'm more focused
I lost thirty mil', so I spent another thirty
'Cause unlike Hammer, thirty million can't hurt me
Fuckin' insane, the fuck am I saying?
Not only am I fly, I'm fuckin' not playing
All these little bitches too big for they britches
Burning they little bridges, fuckin' ridiculous

[Chorus: Kanye West & CyHi The Prynce ]
Champagne wishes, thirty white bitches
I mean this shit is fuckin' ridiculous
Fuckin' ridiculous
I mean this shit is fuckin' ridiculous
Five-star dishes, different exotic fishes
Man, this shit is fuckin' ridiculous
Fuckin' ridiculous

[Verse 3: Pusha T]
Success is what you make it, take it how it come
A half a mil' in twenties like a billion where I'm from
An arrogant drug dealer, the legend I become
CNN said I'd be dead by twenty-one
Blackjack, I just pulled an ace
As you looking at the king in his face
Everything I dream, motherfuckers, I'm watchin' it take shape
While to you I'm just a young rich nigga that lacks faith
Range Rove', leather roof, love war, fuck a truce
Still move a bird like I'm in bed with Mother Goose
Them hoes coming in a baker's dozen
Claiming they was with me when they know they really wasn't
I keep the city's best, never said she was the brightest
So if you had her too, it don't affect me in the slightest
I never met a bitch that didn't need a little guidance
So I dismiss her past until she disappoints your highness
I speak the gospel, hostile
Tony doing time for what he did to nostrils
Paranoid mind, I'm still under the watchful
Eye of the law, aspire for more
Them kilos came, we gave you Bobby Brown jaw
Flaws ain't flaws when it's you that makes the call
Flow similar to the legends of the falls
Spillin', I own you all, yuugh

[Refrain: Swizz Beatz]
One hand in the air if you don't really care
Two hands in the air if you don't really care
It's like that sometimes, I mean ridiculous
It's like that sometimes, this shit ridiculous
One hand in the air if you don't really care
Middle finger in the air if you don't really care
It's like that sometimes, man, ridiculous
Life can be sometimes ridiculous

[Verse 4: CyHi The Prynce]
Hah, I am so outrageous
I wear my pride on my sleeve like a bracelet
If God had an iPod, I'd be on his playlist
My phrases amazes the faces in places
The favorite,
hah, my cup overrunneth with hundreds
Dummy, damn, it's hard not for me to waste it
The new Commandment, "Thou shalt not hate, kid"
My movement is like the Civil Rights, I'm Ralph David
Abernathy, so call my lady Rosa Parks
I am nothing like them niggas, baby, those are marks
I met this girl on Valentine's Day, fucked her in May
She found out about April, so she chose to march
Hah, damn, another broken heart
I keep bitches by the twos, nigga, Noah's Ark
I got a seven on me, I call my 'dro Lamar
Plus a Trojan in my pocket, Matt Leinart, hah
G-A-T in the Pathfinder
'Cause you haters got PhDs
Y'all just some major haters and some math minors
Tiger Woods, don't make me grab iron

[Chorus: RZA]
Ayy, yo, champagne wishes and thirty white bitches
You know this shit is fuckin' ridiculous
Fuckin' ridiculous
You know this shit is fuckin' ridiculous
Cars for the missus and furs for the mistress
You know that shit is fuckin' ridiculous
Fuckin' ridiculous
You know this shit is fuckin' ridiculous
Fuckin' ridiculous
Fuckin' ridiculous
Fuckin' ridiculous

[Refrain: Swizz Beatz]
One hand in the air if you don't really care
Two hands in the air if you don't really care
It's like that sometimes, I mean ridiculous
It's like that sometimes, this shit ridiculous
One hand in the air if you don't really care
Middle finger in the air if you don't really care
It's like that sometimes, man, ridiculous
Life can be sometimes ridiculous, huh?
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Bink! and Mike Dean]

[Intro: Kanye West]
Uh
Uh
I love it, though
I love it, though, huh, you know?
Uh

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation, uh
I know I'm preachin' to the congregation
We love Jesus, but you done learned a lot from Satan, haha
I mean, a nigga did a lot of waiting
We ain't married, but tonight I need some consummation

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
May the Lord forgive us, may the gods be with us
In that magic hour, I seen good Christians
Make brash decisions, oh, she do it
What happened to religion? Oh, she lose it
She putting on her make-up, she casually allure
Text message break-ups, the casualty of tour
How she gon' wake up and not love me no more?
I thought I was the asshole, I guess it's rubbin' off
Hood phenomenon, the LeBron of rhyme
Hard to be humble when you stunting on a jumbotron
I'm looking at her like, "This what you really wanted, huh?"
Why we argue anyway? Oh, I forgot, it's summertime

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation
I know I'm preachin' to the congregation
We love Jesus, but she done learned a lot from Satan, huh
Satan, Satan, Satan
I mean, a nigga did a lot of waiting
We ain't married, but tonight I need some consummation

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
When the sun go down, it's the magic hour, the magic hour
And outta all the colors that'll fill up the skies
You got green on your mind, I can see it in your eyes
Why you standing there with your face screwed up?
Don't leave while you're hot, that's how Ma$e screwed up
Throwin' shit around, the whole place screwed up
Maybe I should call Mase, so he could pray for us
I hit the Jamaican spot, at the bar, take a seat
I ordered the jerk, she said you are what you eat, haha
You see, I always loved that sense of humor
But tonight, you should have seen how quiet the room was
The Lyor Cohen of Dior Homme
That's "Dior Homme," not "Dior, homie"
The crib Scarface, could it be more Tony?
You love me for me, could you be more phony?

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation, haha
Haven't said a word, haven't said a word to me this evening
Cat got your tongue?

[Instrumental Interlude: Mike Dean Guitar Solo]

[Verse 3: Rick Ross]
Lookin' at my bitch, I bet she give your ass a bone
Lookin' at my wrist, it'll turn your ass to stone
Stretch limousine, sipping rosé all alone
Double-headed monster with a mind of his own
Cherry-red chariot, excess is just my character
All-black tux, nigga's shoes lavender
I never needed acceptance from all you outsiders
Had cyphers with Yeezy before his mouth wired (Uh)
Before his jaw shattered,
climbing up the Lord's ladder
We still speedin', running signs like they don't matter, uh
Hater talkin' never made me mad
Never that, not when I'm in my favorite paper tag
Therefore, G4s at the Clearport
When it come to tools, fool, I'm a Pep Boy
When it came to dope, I was quick to export
Never tired of ballin', so it's on to the next sport
New Mercedes sedan, the Lex' sport
So many cars, DMV thought it was mail fraud
Different traps I was gettin' mail from
Polk County, Jacksonville, right in Melbourne
Whole clique appetites had tapeworms
Spinnin' Teddy Pendergrass vinyl as my J burns
I shed a tear before the night's over
God bless the man I put this ice over (Uh)
Getting 2Pac money twice over
Still a real nigga, red Coogi sweater, dice-roller
I'm makin' love to the angel of death
Catchin' feelings, never stumble, retracin' my steps (Uh)

[Outro]
Uh
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Chorus: Kanye West]
Tell me if you know someone that needs ( Jesus, Lord )
Now we've been through a lot of things
Tell me if you know someone that needs ( Jesus, Lord )
He lives in a lot of things
Tell me if you know someone that needs ( Jesus, Lord )
Been through a lot of things
Tell me if you know someone that needs ( Jesus, Lord )

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Sittin' by myself, I'm just thinkin'
About all I've been through, I wish I was dreamin'
Man, it's hard to be an angel when you surrounded by demons ( Jesus )
I watched so many people leave ( Lord )
I see 'em change by the season, that's mama's sеasonin'
God got you, the devil's watchin', he just peekin' in
I know I madе a promise that I'd never let the reaper in ( Jesus )
But lately, I've been losin' all my deepest friends ( Lord )
And lately, I've been swimmin' on the deepest end
It's just drugs, it ain't no hugs, it ain't no love there
You been down so much you don't even know what's upstairs
( Jesus )
Suicidal thoughts got you wonderin' what's up there ( Lord )
And while I introduce the party, you say it's up there
Too many pills, so much potions, so much pain, too many emotions
And everything that you do good, it just go unnoticed
( Jesus )
Then they tell you that you good and just stay focused ( Lord )
Mama, you was the life of the party
I swear you brought life to the party
When you lost your life, it took the life out the party ( Jesus )
That woman rode with me like a Harley ( Lord )
Visions of my cousins in a cell really scarred me
Movin' to the hood was like signin' up for the army
'Cause they been killin' **** since **** was watchin' Barney ( Jesus )
You want dreams to come true? But I have nightmares ( Lord )
'Cause if that come to life, then I might not be right here
Been in the dark so long, don't know if the light here
But I'm just reaching for the stars like Buzz Lightyear ( Jesus )
And now I'm lightyears ahead of those nightmares ( Lord )
I deaded those night terrors when the night clears
And if I talk to Christ, can I bring my mother back to life?
And if I die tonight, will I see her in the afterlife? ( Jesus )
But back to reality, where everything's a tragedy ( Lord )
You better have a strategy or you could be a statistic
Little boy dies, he just wanted a Mystic
And mama steady crying 'cause she really the victim ( Jesus )
And she's getting high and she's getting addicted ( Lord )
And her older boy just stuck with the picture, painted vivid
That's a family portrait, and her daughter just absorbed it
Sixteen, pregnant, baby daddy say she should abort it ( Jesus )
But we can't afford it, so she decides to move forward ( Lord )
Baby shower time, father didn't show up
Now she just feeling nauseous like she finna throw up
The water flows down her legs, yeah, it's finna go up ( Jesus )
A year done went by, her daughter just turned one ( Lord )
And she's still dependent on her mom
Big brother in the streets, he went and bought him a gun
He want revenge 'cause the pain feelin' numb ( Jesus )
And her mom still doing drugs 'cause that's the only time she feel loved ( Lord )
Is it real love? Do the scars really heal up?
From all the pain that done built up, but they don't feel us ( Jesus )
A week done flew by, big bro ridin' then he see the guys ( Lord )
Left his little brother on the side, bleeding from the side
He seein' red, it's like he's bleeding through his eyes
To see him dead, the only thing that'll help the grieving up inside ( Jesus )
He even let him get the last meal
He done with the streets after this, this his last kill ( Lord )
He gotta show him that it's that real
He ran up on him with the pipe like, "****, stand still" ( Jesus )
"You took my brother life, you made my mother cry" ( Lord )
"Tell me one reason I shouldn't send you up to Christ"
He said, "Go 'head, take my life, I've seen everything but Christ"
Then big bro just blacked out and all you seen was the light
( Jesus, Lord )

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Tell me if you know someone that needs ( Jesus, Lord )

[Verse 2: Jay Electronica]
Uh-huh, in the name of the true and living God, the beneficent, the merciful (Hallelujah)
Thank you for bringing me up the rough side of the mountain like Ertuğrul ( Jesus )
Every knee bowed and every tongue confessed and paid homage ( Lord )
To the monk who visit Rothschilds like Thelonious did Pannonica (Sheesh)
It's Jay Elec-entendre-nica comin' through your monitor
Back from the great and yonder, the son of man and the son of Donda ( Jesus )
I never rode the GSXR or the R6 or the Honda ( Lord )
But I flew my Ducati through North America like Wakanda
Earthquakes will strike this nation for what Bush did to Rwanda (Facts)
What the Clintons did to Haiti and Downing Street did to Ghana
( Jesus )
In Tepoztlán, they call me Terremoto, El Negro Loco ( Lord )
I shake the tectonic plates of the game if I lay one vocal
The God is interstellar while you fellas remain local
My bars is like the pyramid temples of Pacal Votan ( Jesus )
As sure as the DOJ confirmed Ezekiel's Wheel ( Lord )
I could change the world like Yacub with two pieces of steel
My sword and my microphone, I swore to the Christ's throne
But when you great, they wanna say you took a L, José Castillo
( Jesus )
I'm in the fight here, fight here for what seemed like lightyears ( Lord )
My rugged cross and thorny crowns squeeze out Christ tears
Thirty pieces of silver clout, my Pierre price tier
It's a war outside, it's a war outside ( Jesus )
It's like the last days of Sodom and Gomorrah outside ( Lord )

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Tell me if you know someone that needs ( Jesus, Lord )
Now we've been through a lot of things
Tell me if you know someone that needs ( Jesus, Lord )
He lives in a lot of things
Tell me if you know someone that needs ( Jesus, Lord )
Been through a lot of things
Tell me if you know someone that needs ( Jesus, Lord )

[Outro: Larry Hoover Jr. & Kanye West ]
What up, Ye? This Larry Hoover Jr
First and foremost, I wanna thank you for taking the fight for my father to the Oval Office
You might not have been the only one that could've did that
But you were the one that did do that
And with your assistance, we can continue to let the world take part in this fight
You know, to me, it kinda feels like
Me, my mother, my brothers, and my kids
Have all been incarcerated through this journey
And we haven't even been to jail
We have been looked at and treated as criminals
For being a part of this family
My father's truth and the reality that he raised me in
Is that he wanted to make a change in this community ( Tell me if you know someone that needs )
'Cause the conditions in this capitalist society is what made him
And it's what made the children of today
After twenty-five years of bein' locked down, twenty-three and one
My father has not called any shots from one of the most secure and segregated prisons in the world
And will not, once released, call any shots for the Gangster Disciples
If my father's intentions were to lead us to death, destruction
Into the Hell that he has had to live in for the past twenty-six years
Man, he would be dead to me
I didn't sign up for that
I didn't stay on this journey this long for that
All my life, man
I've been waitin' for my father to come home
They told me when I graduate eighth grade, he would be home
Then they told me when I graduate from high school, he would be home
I went away to Morris Brown, I graduated and he still ain't home
Now I'm a adult, and my daughter went away to college and graduated
He still not home
Now even more than that, my son, he graduated eighth grade and we still waitin'
Matter of fact, he hasn't hugged, kissed, or touched any of his grandchildren
And they haven't been able to touch they grandfather
Even though it is not seen that way for some of us
But for many of us, Larry Hoover is a beacon of hope for his community
Who deserves to breathe free air
Free my father ( Jesus ), Mr. Larry Hoover Sr. ( Lord )
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Kanye West & DJ Khaled ]
Uhh, can the headphones go louder?
Kanye West!
Yup, Swag King Cole, yup
DJ Khaled!

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Can't a young nigga get money any more?
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without no drawers?

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Dinner with Anna Wintour,
racing with Anja Rubik
I told you motherfuckers it was more than the music
In the projects one day, to
Project Runway
We done heard all that loud-ass talking, we're used to it
I'm from where shorties fucked up, double-cupped up
Might even kill somebody and YouTube it
To whoever think their words affect me is too stupid
And if you can do it better than me, then you do it!
We flyer than a parakeet, floatin' with no parachute
Six thousand dollar pair of shoes,
we made it to the Paris news!
Don't talk about style cause I embarrass you
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me 'fore I embarrass you

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Can't a young nigga get money any more?
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without no drawers?

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
And the whole industry want to fuck your old chick
Only nigga I got respect for is Wiz
And I'll admit, I had fell in love with Kim
Around the same time she had fell in love with him
Well that's cool, baby girl, do ya thang
Lucky I ain't had Jay drop him from the team
La Familia, Roc Nation
We in the building, we still keep it basement
Flyer than a parakeet, floatin' with no parachute
Six thousand dollar pair of shoes, I made it to the Paris news
Don't talk about style cause I'll embarrass you
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me 'fore I embarrass you
G.O.O.D. Music, we fresh, we fresh
Anything else, we detest, detest
Bitch-ass niggas got ass and breasts
All that said, let me ask this quest'

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Can't a young nigga get money any more?
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without

[Bridge: Kanye West]
Don't talk to me 'bout style, nigga, I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Talking 'bout clothes, I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Hollering 'bout some hoes, I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Way too cold, I promise you'll need some Theraflu
(Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh) Get the Theraflu
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh) Get the Theraflu
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh, uh-uh, uh-uh)
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh) Get the Theraflu

[Outro: DJ Pharris]
This Chicago, nigga
South Side, we in this bitch
East Side crazy,
blow that loud
Low End,
39th,
The Ickes
47th Street
,
Garfield Park,
79th
Stony Island,
K-Town,
Wild 100's
This Chi-Town,
Dro City,
The Village
Harvey World,
O Block,
64th and Normal
64th and King Drive,
what up?
83rd,
Cottage Grove,
the Gardens
This Chicago nigga!
The Dearborns
, 55th,
Cabrini-Green
Terror Town,
West Side,
Pocket Town
This Chicago!
Halsted to the Ida B. Wells
New York City,
Atlanta,
London Town
Chiraq Drillinoise
This DJ Pharris
, fuck around and get embarrassed
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Kanye West]
This that rap god shit, nigga
I rip every one of these mothafuckas down, ayy
Rah, rah, rah
Rah, rah

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Closed eyes, see things
Fire up, tweaking
You in my freak dreams
You in my freak dreams
Bad bitch, you dig that
Get stacks, drive cars, whip out
Bitch out,
tits out
Oh shit, my dick out
Can she suck it right now?
Fuck, can she fuck right now?
I done asked twice now
Can you bring your price down?
Lil Boosie with the wipe down
A little woozy but I'm nice now
What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now?
What the, what the fuck right now?
What if we fuck right now?
What if we fucked right in the middle
Of this mothafuckin' dinner table?
What if we fucked at this Vogue party?
Would we be the life of the whole party?
Shut down the whole party
Would everybody start fuckin'?
Would everybody start fuckin'?
Would everybody start fuckin'?
They don't want nothin'
You mothafuckas livin' like half of your level, half of your life
I smack her on her ass if she ghetto, I ain't gon' lie
We be in the bathroom fuckin' like "Baby, don't get too loud!"
I can, I can see it, yeah

[Verse 2: Desiigner]
Hey, I want it right now
Ball on them niggas, get heated and shot down
You get hit with the pie now
Rolls with killa money nigga get by now
Right now, right now
I'm with niggas that have been to Versailles now
Side now, slide down

[Instrumental Outro]

[Produced by Kanye West]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Kendrick Lamar]
Cloud 9, Kendrick Lamar, uh

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
I take a sip of Hennessy and then get pissy drunk
I ain't a drinker, I'm a thinker, call it what you want
But if you turn your back, know that you just missed your chance
To witness the realest shit that's ever been told to man
I found myself losing focus at a Sunday service
Embarrassed, so I start questioning God, "What is my purpose?"
He said to live the way He did, that's all he want from me
Spread the word and witness, he rose on the first Sunday
I said "alright," enthused that my Lord gave a listen
I opened my Bible, in search to be a better Christian
And this from a person that never believed in religion
But shit, my life is so fucked up, man – I can't help but give in
I'm giving testimonies to strangers I never met
Hopped on the pulpit and told them how I was truly blessed
Felt like I'm free from all my sins when the service was over
Walked out the church, then got a call that my homie was murdered
Then lost my faith again

[Chorus: BJ The Chicago Kid]
What am I gonna do?
Gotta have faith
Life is too much
I'm just through
Where is your faith?
(Don't you give up, dont you give in...)
Faith
All you need is the size of a mustard seed

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Single black parent from Compton, raising children of four
That's four innocent bastards, 'cause papa they don't know
Her day consists of working back and forth with babysitters
Can't find no one to watch her kids, so she pay her sister
Her baby daddy ain't 'bout shit, that nigga ain't 'bout shit
Spilt his daughter milk just to cop a new outfit
She pray to God every night, hoping that he'll mature
And maybe one day his kids something that he'll live for
Baby wanna go back to school, but she need some help
Because it's hard trying to pay the bills when you're by yourself
She thought about credit card scams, 'til she heard a voice
That said, "The Devil is a lie, make a better choice"
And so it's back to McDonald's and every month dealing
With those crazy ass people at the county building
Looked to the heavens and asked Him to make a better way
Then got a letter in the mail, lost her Section 8
Then lost her faith again

[Chorus: BJ The Chicago Kid]
What am I gonna do?
Gotta have faith
Life is too much
I'm just through
Where is your faith?
(Don't you give up, dont you give in...)
Faith
All you need is the size of a mustard seed

[Verse 3: Punch]
I had dreams of holding a 9 milla to Ray's killa
Ask him why, as my eyes fill up
Each day it gets more realer, orangutans bang like gorillas
It's jungle when the niggas in zoo, the rats lurking
Vultures circling the serpents
Cats lying through they teeth, my nigga didn't deserve it
I flirted with the ideal of caressing the steel
To make karma come faster than she normally will
It's ill, to see my faith try and leave me
It's so hard to get it, to get rid of it is easy
I'm tryna reach Cloud 9, that's what my niggas 'bout
But it never rain in California unless the pistols out
Until then, my feet planted on the ground
Shadowboxing my conscience 'til my faith start responding
And if I get no answer, just know I tried
I should have never looked into his son's eyes
Rayshawn Boyce

[Chorus: BJ The Chicago Kid]
What am I gonna do?
Gotta have faith
Life is too much
I'm just through
Where is your faith?
(Don't you give up, dont you give in...)
Faith
All you need is the size of a mustard seed

[Verse 4: Kendrick Lamar]
This for my people that stressing whenever times is hard
Your mind's slipping, wondering, "Is there really a God?"
Knowing you shouldn't think that way and trying to freeze your brain
But whenever there's pain, that feeling forever remains
We can't believe what we can't see and reality seems stronger than prayer
'Cause you tried to change your life, and now you live in a wheelchair
And your son was born with cancer and he live in Urgent Care
At the tender age of 12, and you feel that no one cares
Searching for answers, that's human nature, you ain't in the wrong
Just know
when
you feeling that way, His Spirit's in the room
I watched people I know pray and catch the Holy Ghost
And wonder why I ain't ever caught that feeling before
Maybe they know Him better, or I don't know no better
But what I do know, is that He's real and He lives forever
So the next time you feel like your world's about to end
I hope you studied, because He's testing your faith again

[Outro: Kendrick Lamar]
I'd rather not live like there isn't a God
Than die and find out there really is
Think about it
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
"This is the operator with a collect call from: 'Emory Jones'
To accept the charges, press 1 now"

[Interlude: Jay-Z]
Emory, whattup?
Told you I ain't too good with writing letters and all
Shit, I don't even write rhymes
But what I will do
I'mma send you this open scribe through the airwaves
Vibe with me...
Yeah, nigga, I bet we was kids and had dreams of being here
I said "we" 'cause I'm here, you here!
Yeah, ride with me, your spot is reserved, family
Cigarette boats, yachts, ain't nowhere we can't go
We in South Beach and the Hamptons, too, baby!

[Chorus: John Legend]
I know, I know
Some places we can go, some places we can go
I know, I know
Some places we can go, some places we can go
Do you wanna ride with me?
Do you wanna ride with me?

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
You know why they call the projects a project, because it's a project!
An experiment, we're in it, only as objects
And the object for us to explore our prospects
And sidestep cops on the way to the top - yes!
As kids we would daydream, sitting on our steps
Pointing at cars like yeah that's our 6
Hustlers profits made our eyes stretch
So on some Dr. Spock shit, we started our Trek
Some of us made it, most of us digressed
In the name of those who ain't made it, my progress
We show success, please live through me
See, I'm the eyes for Emory, keep him alive
(This is a collect call) So every time I press 5
All he wanna hear is his boy talk fly
Up in the fed, and still holdin' his head
So when he hits the streets he gon' eat through this bread
Now let's ride

[Chorus: John Legend]
I know, I know
Some places we can go, some places we can go
I know, I know
Some places we can go, some places we can go
Do you wanna ride with me?
Do you wanna ride with me?

[Jay-Z: over Chorus]
I'm crushing all award shows
MTV, BET, the Grammys, crushed linen, Purple Label
All that fly shit we talked about
Giving them Sinatra pinky rings with the blue diamonds and everything
Hehehe, that's what we talked about right?
Uh-huh... tried to told you, ride with me

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
International Hov, I told you so
40/40s out in Tokyo
Singapore,
all this from singing songs
Coming up though we thought slinging raw
Was the end-all-be-all of being rich, didn't we?
Little did I know my mo' potent delivery
Would deliver me,
kingpin of the ink pen
Monster of the double entendre,
Coke is still my sponsor
Heh, the Cola, yeah
Hova still getting it in with soda
Diet, no sir, I ain't lose no weight
Started from the crates now I'm sitting on a whole case
Since they got you sitting on that old case
Our dreams is on hold like TiVo
So I can't wait till you get your date
I got some temp plates outside of the gate
We gon' ride

[Chorus: John Legend]
I know, I know
Some places we can go, some places we can go
I know, I know
Some places we can go, some places we can go
Do you wanna ride with me?
Do you wanna ride with me?

[Jay-Z: over Chorus]
Uh-huh, uh-huh
Geah
Don't even worry about it though, you ain't missed nuttin
It only gets better, they got the Maybach Coupe now
Look like the Batmobile, the Phantom the top just comes off that joint
It only gets better
They can lock your body they can't trap your mind
Keep your spirit alive read your books
Matter of fact, let me take you somewhere
Vibe with me, c'mon

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Now me and my lil' mama, Quita and Ty-Ty
Juan and Dez out in Saint-Tropez
Jay Brown and Kawanna,
sneaking marijuana
You know that Mary J., give you no more drama
Lost a couple friends this whole shit got weird
But when you get home you know your spot's reserved, ya heard?
I put my niggas on, my niggas put they niggas on
Now we all somewhere foreign, chillin', sippin' somethin'
I ain't forget you cousin, heh
Yeah nigga y'all can wear sneakers on the beach if you want to
Y'all niggas come and c'mon, playin' money marathon
My young'n is LeBron, you know what that makes me, baby
Big Homie! Hehe, Emory, what's up?

[Chorus: John Legend]
I know, I know
Some places we can go, some places we can go
I know, I know
Some places we can go, some places we can go
Do you wanna ride with me?
Do you wanna ride with me?

[Outro: Jay-Z]
Wan' ride with us? You're more than welcome
We ain't on no bullshit, uhh
Put your feet up
Big Ty, I see you, boy
Guru, I don't usually do this but
Roll me up something man
Let me get mellow on this shit right here
Uh-huh, yeah
Uh-huh, white paper though nigga
Can't even fuck with those blunts
White paper baby, old school nigga gimme a joint
Smooth it out, Young H.O
.
Emory Jones
Word to my momma, we livin'!
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
I love money, I love bitches, for the lack of better words
Ain't got no time, ain't got no feelings, for the lack of better words
I missed your call 4 times this evening, for the lack of better words
The music loud, can't hear it ringing, for the lack of better words

[Verse 2: SZA]
You got nothing left to offer but a lack of better words
Get nothing else from me but a lack of better words
Had a nickel every time you get a lack of better words
Feelin' cheap to be your woman for the lack of better words

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
But I say, "My ego gotta yeet, for the lack of better words"
I can't love you, I love these streets, for the lack of better words
But if it's true, you would trust me for better or for worse
I'm selfish, I can't help it, for the lack of better words

[Verse 4: SZA]
You gon' be like this forever, for the lack of better words
You gon' get your shit together, no, no you never learn
You cannot do better, for the lack of better words
Never can let you forget it any time you on my nerves

[Bridge: Kendrick Lamar, Both ]
Nah, nah, nah, all you do, make excuse
Nah, nah, nah, all
you do
, is make
excuse

[Verse 5: Kendrick Lamar]
(Pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy)
I wish a nigga would (Ah)
I wish this nigga (Uh)
I wish a nigga would
I wish this nigga (Yeah)
I wish your mhm-mhm-mhh
I wish this nigga (Uh)
I wish a nigga would
I wish a nigga (Yeah)
Stuck in a rock and a hard place, hard place
Dark place, soft and it off waist
God damn, bitch, ho, huh
Yeah, yeah, woah, yeah
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Pharrell Williams & Jay-Z ]
Yeah, haha,
Blueprint shit
3 in the morning on the
Westside highway
Top down, baby
The motivation for me –
It's The Blueprint, baby
(Fuck y'all)
Is them telling me what I could not be – oh well
Aye!
Uhh, yeah
Hey! Ohh! Hey! Hahaha
Aye, this a special dedication, thank y'all
Hey!
I wanna thank you for the fuel (No, really, thank you!)
Hey! Y'all gotta hear this shit!
Hey!
Hehehe
, hey!

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
I felt so inspired by what my teacher said
Said I'd either be dead or be a reefer head
I'm not sure if that's how adults should speak to kids
Especially when the only thing I did was speak in class
I'll teach his ass
, even better's what my uncle did (What'd he do?)
I pop my demo tape in, start to beatin' my head (Damn)
Peeked out my eye, to see if he was beatin' his (Yeah)
He might as well said, "Beat it, kid" – he's on the list
It's like I'm searching for kicks, like a sneakerhead
It gon' keep pushing me until I reach the ledge
And when I reach the ledge, I'll tell 'em all to eat a dick
Take a leap of faith and let my eagle wings spread
Spread, spread

[Chorus: Pharrell Williams]
The motivation (Word up) for me (Fuck y'all)
Is them telling me what I could not be (Hoo!) – oh well
Hey! Hey!
I'm so ambitious (Hey!)
I might hit two sisters (Hey!)
Hey, I'm on a mission (Hey!)
No matter what the conditions (Hey!)
Forget personal issues (Hey!)
When you go what I been through (Hey!)
Hey, if you believe it (Then be)
Then you can conceive it (You see?)
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
I had to lace up my boots even harder
Father is too far away to father
Further–more all the – kids either–smoke reefer
Or either move whites
,
there's few writers in my cipher
So they made light of, my type of
Dreams seem dumb, they said "Wise up,
How many guys-a, you see making it from here?
The world don't like us, is that not clear?" Alright, but
I'm different, I can't base what I'm gon' be
Off of what everybody isn't, they don't listen
Just whispering behind my back
No vision, lack of ambition, so wack!

[Chorus: Pharrell Williams]
The motivation (Word up) for me
Is them telling me what I could not be (Ooh!) – oh well
Hey! Hey!
I'm so ambitious (Hey!)
I might hit two sisters (Hey!)
Hey, I'm on a mission (Hey!)
No matter what the conditions (Hey!)
Forget personal issues (Hey!)
When you go what I been through (Hey!)
Hey, if you believe it (Then be)
Then you can conceive it (You see?)
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Had a couple of meetings, no offers yet
Maybe I ain't good enough for these offices
Back to the drawing board, ducking officers
It's all good, 'cause the streets is A&R'ing this
(Yup)
So with or without any of your involvement
We coming for all of this, respect my conglomerate
I went from pauper to the President
'Cause every deal I ever made set precedent
Niggas probably thought I'd fall without old buddy (Hehehe)
Oh, buddy, what I do is make more money
Dear Teacher, you're probably somewhere near a speaker
I'm balling outta control, can you hear my sneakers?
Fuck y'all

[Chorus: Pharrell Williams]
The motivation (Word up) for me
Is them telling me what I could not be (Ooh!) – oh well
Hey! Hey!
I'm so ambitious (Hey!)
I might hit two sisters (Hey!)
Hey, I'm on a mission (Hey!)
No matter what the conditions (Hey!)
Forget personal issues (Hey!)
When you go what I been through (Hey!)
Hey, if you believe it (Then be)
Then you can conceive it (You see?)

[Outro: Pharrell Williams]
The motivation for me
Is them telling me what I could not be
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
Uhh, uhh, uhh
Uhh...
It's that Roc-A-Fella music, soulful

[Chorus]
Say hello to the bad guy (Hello), they say I'm a bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (Say hello)
They say I'm a menace (Hello) – that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (Say hello)
They say I'm a bad guy (Hello), say hi to the bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (Say hello)
They say I'm a menace (Hello) – that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (Say hello)
Ay (Say hello) – ay, ay, ay
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't

[Verse 1]
I ain't playing
Life's short, so I aim – I ain't waiting for life to start betraying 'em
It's twice as hard to get a job that's paying 'em
So I ain't paying attention to what you're saying
Raindrops keep falling on my brain
'Cause I'm in the drop on flames
I'm so hot even if the weather change
I don't have no top, I'm insane
'Member dark-skinned Jermaine, "suede in the rain"?
I'm sorta kinda the same
'Cept I'm no lame, and you gonna know my name
Before I go, the world gon' feel my pain
They saying I'm a bad guy – why's that?
'Cause when my back's against the wall, nigga, I react
Secretly though, I know you admire that
You wish you had the balls to fire back – brrrap!
Say hello, uhh uh, hello, uhh uh
You wish you had the balls to fire back – brrap!

[Chorus]
Say hello to the bad guy (Hello), they say I'm a bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (Say hello)
They say I'm a menace (Hello) – that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (Say hello)
They say I'm a bad guy (Hello), say hi to the bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (Say hello)
They say I'm a menace (Hello) – that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (Say hello)
Ay (Say hello) – ay, ay, ay
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't

[Verse 2]
I ain't no ordinary nigga
Look around, this ain't what ordinary gets ya
(IT AIN'T!)
Extraordinary figures (Damn)
I'm an extraordinary nigga
Before my name became Jigga
Before I sang, I had that thang on slippers
Can't complain 'bout what they ain't gon' give ya
That ain't gon' get ya shit, might as well give up
"Or get up, get out, and get something, nigga"
Get a job, my nigga, or get to dumping
Only God can judge him, only He without sin
Tell me if my means–justify my ends
'Til then, I'm just gon' fly in the Benz
Wire my friends through Western Union
Shhhhh, supply's in
My system knocking, here comes the bad guy again
Say hello, uhh uh, hello, uhh uh
Hello, uhh, here comes the bad guy again

[Chorus]
Say hello to the bad guy (Hello), they say I'm a bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (Say hello)
They say I'm a menace (Hello) – that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (Say hello)
They say I'm a bad guy (Hello), say hi to the bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (Say hello)
They say I'm a menace (Hello) – that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (Say hello)
Ay (Say hello) ay, ay, ay

[Verse 3]
Let me tell you what I ain't –
We ain't thugs for the sake of just being thugs
Nobody do that where we grew at – nigga, duh
The poverty line we not above
So out comes the mask and gloves, 'cause we ain't feeling the love
We ain't doin' crime for the sake of doing crimes
We movin' dimes 'cause we ain't doing fine
One out of three of us is locked up, doing time
You know what this type of shit can do to a nigga mind?
"My mind on my money, money on my mind"
If you owe me ten dollars, you ain't giving me nine
Y'all ain't give me forty acres and a mule
So I got my Glock 40, now I'm cool
And if Al Sharpton is speaking for me –
Somebody give him the word and tell him I don't approve
Tell him I'll remove the curses
If you tell me our schools gon' be perfect
When Jena Six don't exist
Tell him that's when I'll stop saying "bitch," – BITCH!

[Chorus]
Say hello to the bad guy (Hello), they say I'm a bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (Say hello)
They say I'm a menace (Hello) – that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (Say hello)
They say I'm a bad guy (Hello), say hi to the bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (Say hello)
They say I'm a menace (Hello) – that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (Say hello)
Ay (Say hello) ay, ay, ay
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Monster Freestyle Lyrics
Kendrick Lamar freestyles over the beat of Kanye West’s hit single “Monster” from his album, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy.

[Verse]
Nigga, tell the world I’m Compton, Compton, nigga, I’m Compton
Big-ass condom, motherfuck your problems
Make sure that you don’t bring your man to my concert
I want you to suck my whole band after concert
Compton, Compton, nigga, I’m Compton
Big-ass condom, motherfuck your problems
I’m killin’ every instrumental and I cosign 'em
And no 360 deals, see, that's advance at McDonald’s
I spazz like a wino, time and time again, I often wonder where the time go
My daddy and my mom know
I stomp a rapper like a Kappa, beat him like a congo
Then speed off in a Bronco, O. J.​
Often reminisce about the old days, Hardaway/Alonzo
Back then, we was wearin' LA Gears with the rhinestones
Nowadays, I’m comin' headfirst like a rhino
I rhyme like I invented it, my wordplay is unlimited
Now, nigga, spin my vinyl, club going apeshit
Rap like I ain’t ate shit, shit on any A-list artist
You a novice, I’m recordin' on a spaceship
And we never nodded to your singlé, King K
D.O.T. is E.T.A. Primetime, new clothes
Close-minded niggas gettin' clotheslined, I suppose
Bitch, I think I’m 2Pac, bitch, I think I’m B.I.G.​
Bitch, I think I’m Eazy-E, I’m Big L, and I’m ODB
And OMG, I might OD, yeah, that be my new tape
That’s appreciation tape—thanks for knowin' that I’m great
Middle finger to the fake… fuck you!
I’m the center of attention: Hut one, Hut two
And my bitch a mutt, too, mixed with all type of shit
Got the keys to her pad, like I’m 'bout to type and shit
Got 'em all hype and shit, I ain’t even do nothin'
Screamin' out “Fuck the world”, tell you when I’m through nuttin'
Compton, Compton, nigga, I’m Compton
Big-ass condom, motherfuck ya mama
I go inside the studio a suicide bomber
I bomb on Obama if that nigga get in my way
I’m smellin' some vagina, y'all niggas is clitoris
Must be already dead, sayin' I ain’t killin' it
I’m in the lead and winnin' it, feelin' like a stunt double
I'm convinced we already in Hell—pass the blunt, Devil
Y'all talkin' "Illuminati," I’m talkin' eliminatin'
Everyone, includin' Satan, Lord knows heaven waiting
I’m the best rapper alive, I’m the best rapper alive
I’m the best rapper alive, tell Wayne to swallow his pride
Y'all niggas talkin' that jive,
I’m talkin' that Malcolm X
Martin Luther as a shooter dipping through your fucking set
I’m the best rapper alive, I’m the best rapper alive
I’m the best rapper alive,
Jiggaman should’ve retired
I’m goin' after Kanye, Lupe Fiasco, and Nas
Snoop Dogg and Mr. Andre, Eminem, Bus-a-Bus Rhymes
Y'all better not bust no more rhymes, I’ma start bustin' your ass
Hit you up with a Mack Truck, then throw a bus on your ass
Y'all be no action, no pass,
we gon’ start bustin' on niggas
Choppers be bustin’ on niggas? Choppers be bustin’ on niggas
Fuck you and fuck you fuck niggas,
I’ma do this for dolo
Ain’t no countdown, just fuck with us,
TDE, that’s the logo
And your bitch be my promo, yeah, she know my whole tape
I’ma make a nasty movie and make sure that ho taped
They be like, "Oh no, wait, he’s 'bout to take the whole cake"
You goddamn right, got a big appetite wit' a big tapeworm, every day, I yearn
Another meal, I’m hungry,
give some to my homies
Nigga, we made men and cavemen, livin' in the stone age
I got this ignorant type shit
from my uncle Tony
And may my nigga rest in peace; from Heaven, I know you see
I’m Compton, Compton, nigga, I'm Compton
A big-ass condom, motherfuck the LAPD, DA, and your honor
Got pumped up on Alondra
Trap my body, free my mind,
hopin' y’all could see the signs

[Outro]
Kendrick
Kendrick— Kendrick Lamar
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by S1 and Swizz Beatz]

[Part I: Murder]

[Intro: Jay Z]
Uh, bloody murder, murder, murder
Bloody murder, murder, murder, murder
Bloody murder, murder, murder, murder
Bloody murder, murder, murder

[Chorus: Kanye West & Jay Z ]
Paper read, "Murder, Black-on-Black murder"
Paper read, "Murder, Black-on-Black murder" again ( Uh )

[Verse 1: Jay Z]
This is to the memory of Danroy Henry
Too much enemy fire to catch a friendly
Strays from the same shade, nigga, we on the same team
Giving you respect, I expect the same thing, uh
All-black everything, nigga, you know my fresh code
I'm out here fighting for you, don't increase my stress load
Niggas watching the throne, very happy to be you
Power to the people, when you see me, see you

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
And I'm from the murder capital where they murder for capital
Heard about at least three killings this afternoon
Looking at the news like, "Damn, I was just with him after school"
No shop class, but half the school got a tool
And a "I could die any day"-type attitude
Plus his little brother got shot reppin' his avenue
It's time for us to stop and redefine Black power
Forty-one souls murdered in fifty hours

[Chorus: Kanye West]
The paper read, "Murder, Black-on-Black murder"
The paper read, "Murder, Black-on-Black murder" again
"Murder" again

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
Is it genocide?
'Cause I can still hear his mama cries
Know the family traumatized
Shots left holes in his face about piranha-sized
The old pastor closed the cold casket
And said the church ain't got enough room for all the tombs
It's a war going on outside we ain't safe from
I feel the pain in my city wherever I go
314 soldiers died in Iraq, 509 died in Chicago

[Verse 4: Jay Z]
I arrived on the day Fred Hampton died, uh
Real niggas just multiply
And they say by 21, I was supposed to die
So I'm out here celebrating my post-demise
If you put crabs in a barrel to ensure your survival
You gon' end up pulling down niggas that look just like you
What up, Blood? Uh, what up, cuz? Uh, it's all Black, uh, I love us

[Chorus: Kanye West]
The paper read, "Murder, Black-on-Black murder"
The paper read, "Murder, Black-on-Black murder" again
"Black-on-Black murder" again
"Black-on-Black murder" again

[Part II: Excellence]

[Intro: Jay Z]
It's a celebration of Black excellence, black tie, black Maybachs
Huh, yeah, uh

[Verse 1: Jay Z]
Black excellence, opulence, decadence
Tuxes next to the president, I'm present
I dress in Dries, and other boutique stores in Paris
In sheepskin coats, I silence the lambs
Do you know who I am, Clarice?
No cheap cologne whenever I "shh-shh"
Success never smelled so sweet
I stink of success, the new Black elite
They say my Black Card bear the mark of the beast
I repeat, my religion is the beat
My verse is like church, my Jesus piece
Now please, domino, domino
Only spot a few Blacks the higher I go, uh
What's up to Will? Uh, shout out to O, uh
That ain't enough, we gonna need a million more, uh
Kick in the door, uh, Biggie flow
I'm all dressed up with nowhere to go, uh

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Yeah, it's all messed up when it's nowhere to go
So we won't take the time out 'til we reach the T-O-P
From parolees that hold G's, sold keys, low keys
We like the promised land of the OG's
In the past if you picture events like a black tie
What the last thing you expect to see? Black guys
What's the life expectancy for Black guys?
The system's working effectively, that's why
I'll be a real man, take care of your son
Every problem you had before this day is now done
New crib, watch a movie
'Cause there ain't nothin' on the news but the blues
Hit the mall, pick up some Gucci
Now ain't nothing new but your shoes
Sunday morning, praise the Lord
You the girl that Jesus had been saving me for
So let's savor this moment and take it to the floor
Black excellence, truly yours
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Swizz Beatz]

[Intro: Ab-Soul]
Yeah, see, I know I can make a lot of money doing this, man
It's just the whole process that, uh...
That I'm having trouble with, you know what I mean?
I know you just, pretty much, you know
Get the water boiling and just, uh, get a jar or something like that
Put it in the jar and just watch it you know bubble up and all that

[Verse: Kendrick Lamar]
Shame on him! (What?)
Lemme put my gloves on
And my scrubs on
I'm the chemist that's whippin' it in the kitchen
This here is not for the children
You need parental advision
If you wanna learn how to cook in the dope business
First you bargain shop
Look for the priciest chickens
I recommend that you pay Jorge a visit
Got it wrapped in saran
Seventeen-point-five, no, drop four-grand, this is L.A., man!
Unless it be a drought
But homie if it ain't, then it is somewhere else
Flip your hustle down south
That's a whole other story though
Back to the lesson, hope you're takin' down your footnotes, class is in session
Get your instruments
Grab some baking soda, a triple beam, a beaker
And a hanger you can stir it with
Split nine Os four ways in that 36
Place it on the triple beam
As hard as it may seem, it's not that tricky
Say you'll get it baby, just bear with me
Confidence before compliments
Now let's get busy
This is the procedure
Two-hundred-fifty grams of coke, one-hundred-fifty grams of soda
Place it in the beaker
Your water should be boiling by then
Grab a small cup and pour it in
Twist the hanger until it's paper thin
Place the hanger in the beaker then give your wrist a circular spin
But hold on it gets tricky again!
As your hand rotate
You're probably thinkin' it's safe
Until it starts to harden, slowing down the pace
The muscle inside your arm is makin' your joints ache
You're strugglin' on the job, but don't lose faith
Wait... you got it back soft (Good)
Now pour some hot water inside the beaker jar
The work should rise to the top
Then pour some cold water on that
That's when the dope should drop
Snatch the cookie out the jar,
grab a razor from the cabinet
Place it on the cardboard, then chop
As soon as the razor hit the work, you're happy
You're excited that the chemistry worked
This the fiend's appetite
This bigger than life
You turned to Mr. Nino Brown in one night
You should thank me twice
Though you learned from a chemist who never moved a brick in his life
How ironic... hmm
Like most of you rappers

[Outro: Ab Soul]
Aw, I don't believe that, man
You're too professional with it, man
There's no way you've never done it before, you know what I mean?
That was too descriptive
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Pocket Off (N95 Demo) Lyrics

[Intro]
If all of the shame stops, all of the pain stops
Oh, what a life it'll be
Standing outside catching all of the vibes
Ah, ah-ah-ah, ah-ah-ah, ah-ah-ah, yeah

[Verse 1]
Take off the foo-foo, take off the clout chase, take off the Wi-Fi
Take off the money phone, take off the car loan, take off the flex and the white lies
Take off the weird-ass jewelry, I'ma take ten steps, then I'm taking off top five
Take off them fabricated streams and thеm microwave memes, it's a rеal world outside
Take off your idols, take off the runway, I take off to Cairo
Take off to Saint-Tropez, five-day stay, take a quarter mill', hell, if I know
Take off the false flag, take off the lace front, take off the shots with the mop ass
Take off the contour, take off the contrast, take off the eyes with the contacts
Take off the fake deep, take off the fake woke, take off the, "I'm broke, I care"
Take off the gossip, take off the new logic that if I'm rich, I'm rare
Take off the Chanel, take off the Dolce, take off the Birkin bag
Take all that designer bullshit off, and what do you have? (bitch)

[Chorus]
You outta pocket, yeah
You outta pocket (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
You outta pocket, yeah (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
You outta pocket (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
(You outta, you outta)
You outta pocket
Get back in pocket

[Verse 2]
The world in a panic, the women is stranded, the men on a run
The prophets abandoned, the law take advantage, the market is crashin', the industry wants
Niggas and bitches to sleep in a box while they makin' a mockery followin' us
This ain't Monopoly, watchin' for love, this ain't monogamy, y'all gettin' fucked
Jumpin' on what the hell is that? I gotta relax when I feel (Huh, facts)
All my descendants, they come in my sleep and say I am too real (Huh, facts)
I'm done with the sensitive, takin' it personal, done with the black and the white, the wrong and the right
You hopin' for change and clericals, I know the feelings that came with burial's cries (Bitch!)

[Chorus]
You outta pocket, yeah
You outta pocket (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
You outta pocket, yeah (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
You outta pocket (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
(You outta, you outta)
You outta pocket

[Bridge]
Servin' up a look, dancin' in a drought
Hello to the rain man, never losin' count
Ventin' in the safe house
Ventin' in the safe house

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar & Baby Keem]
Can I vent all my truth? I got nothin' to lose, I got problems and pools, I can swim on my faith
Cameras movin' whenever I'm movin', the family suin' whatever I make
Murder is stackin', the president actin', the government taxin' my funds in the bank
Homies attracting the feds when I'm bracking, look at my reaction, my pupils on skates (Hold up, hold up)
Let's think about this for a second (Let's go)
Tell me what you would do for aesthetic (Let's go)
Would you sell your soul on credit? (Let's go)
Would you sell your bro for leverage? (Let's go)
Fake nigga wanna chime in on 6ix9ine when he know his whole neighborhood tellin' (Let's go)
Fake nigga wanna chime in on 6ix9ine when he know his whole neighborhood tellin' (Let's go)

[Bridge]
You outta pocket, yeah, you outta pocket (This shit hard)
You entertain the mediocre, need to stop it (This shit hard)
You entertainin' old friends when they toxic (This shit hard)
What your life like? Bullshit and gossip (This shit hard)
What the fuck is cancel culture, dawg?
Say what I want about you niggas, I'm like Oprah, dawg
I treat you crackers like I'm Jigga, watch, I own it all
Oh, you worried 'bout a critic? That ain't protocol (Bitch)

[Chorus]
You outta pocket, yeah
You outta pocket (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
You outta pocket, yeah (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
You outta pocket
(You outta, you outta)
You outta pocket
Get back in pocket
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Jay-Z]
Hov'!

[Chorus: Pharrell Williams & Jay-Z ]
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know ( Uhh, I know what you like )
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know ( I know what you love )
Everything you like, everything you love ( Baby you like ....Hov'! )
Everything you like, everything you love ( Baby you love ....Hov'! Baby you love, hehehe, uhh )
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know ( Baby you love ....Hov'! )
Everything you like, everything you love ( Baby you like ....Hov'! Baby you like ....Hov'! )
Everything you like, everything you love, damn ( Baby you like ....Hov'! )

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Uhh,
she wants that old thing back
Uh, uh, uh, she want those heroin tracks
She likes me, she fiends for me nightly
She leans for me
Morning, she rush for my touch
This is about lust,
cold sweats occur when I'm not with her
My presence is a must- must- must-
Bonita Applebum, I gotta put you on
If I didn't when we cutting, the feeling'll be too strong
In any form, I'm giving you sweet dreams
That Sugar Hill, she call me her sweet thing
That Black Rain
will take away your pain
Just for one night, baby, take me in vein
Now that feelin' got you tripping, you don't wanna feel no different
This here lust has got you itching, nose wide open and it's dripping
(eh, eh, eh, eh)
I know what you like, I am your prescription
I'm your physician, I'm your addiction

[Chorus: Pharrell Williams & Jay-Z ]
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know ( Uhh, I know what you like )
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know ( I know what you love )
Everything you like, everything you love ( Baby you like ....Hov'! )
Everything you like, everything you love ( Baby you love ....Hov'! Baby you love, hehehe, uhh )
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know ( Baby you love ....Hov'! )
Everything you like, everything you love ( Baby you like ....Hov'! Baby you like ....Hov'! )
Everything you like, everything you love, damn ( Baby you like ....Hov'! )

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
I am so dope (uhh)
Like Louboutins with the red bottoms
You gotta have 'em, you glad you got 'em
Like every color Giuseppe's, your guilty pleasure is me
It's so much fun, you shun therapy
Although it never be, the feeling is fleeting
Shopping's like copping, you constantly need it
I'm never around, you constantly seek it
You'll never be down, I know where your peak is
9 1/2 weeks is better than 12-steps
I keep trying to remind you to keep telling yourself
Now your conscience is interfering, like "Better yourself!"
Like you better get help
But when that medicine's felt
We're back together, don't ever leave me
Don't ever let 'em tell you that you'll never need me
My China White, 'til we D.O.A
Its Montega forever, baby, lets get away...

[Chorus: Pharrell Williams & Jay-Z ]
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know ( Uhh, I know what you like )
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know ( I know what you love )
Everything you like, everything you love ( Baby you like ....Hov'! )
Everything you like, everything you love ( Baby you love ....Hov'! Baby you love, hehehe, uhh )
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know ( Baby you love ....Hov'! )
Everything you like, everything you love ( Baby you like ....Hov'! Baby you like ....Hov'! )
Everything you like, everything you love, damn ( Baby you like ....Hov'! )

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
How could you leave me?
I thought that you needed me!
When the world got too much and you pleaded with me
Who helped you immediately? How speedy of me!
How could you deny me so vehemently?
Now your body is shaking, trying to free it of me
And your soul is in control, trying to lead it from me
And your heart no longer pledge allegiance to me
Damn, I'm missing the days when you needed the D!

[Chorus: Pharrell Williams & Jay-Z ]
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know ( Uhh, I know what you like )
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know ( I know what you love )
Everything you like, everything you love ( Baby you like ....Hov'! )
Everything you like, everything you love ( Baby you love ....Hov'! Baby you love, hehehe, uhh )
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know ( Baby you love ....Hov'! )
Everything you like, everything you love ( Baby you like ....Hov'! Baby you like ....Hov'! )
Everything you like, everything you love, damn ( Baby you like ....Hov'! )
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Shirley Ann Lee]
Someday, someday
Someday, I'll, I wanna wear a starry crown

[Verse 1: PARTYNEXTDOOR]
Someday, someday, someday
I wanna lay down, like God did, on Sunday
Hold up, hold up
Someday, somedays, I remembered this on a Sunday
Backway, yeah, way, way, burning, mhm-mhm
Uh, someday, I'm gonna tell everybody
Somedays, I wanna hit the red dot on everybody
Someday, ohh (Heatstroke)
Everyday I'm livin' high, I'm smokin' marijuana
Everyday I'm livin' high, I do whatever I wanna, oh, yeah

[Chorus: Kid Cudi]
I've been tryin' to make you love me
But everything I try just takes you further from me

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Someday, we gon' set it off
Someday, we gon' get this off
Baby, don't you bet it all
On a pack of fentanyl
You might think they wrote you off
They gon' have to rope me off
Someday, the drama'll be gone
And they'll play this song on and on
Sometimes, I take all the shine
Talk like I drank all the wine
Years ahead but way behind
I'm on one, two, three, four, five
No half-truths, just naked minds
Caught between space and time
This not what they had in mind
But maybe someday

[Chorus: Kid Cudi]
I've been tryin' to make you love me
But everything I try just takes you further from me

[Outro: 070 Shake]
Woah, once again, I am a child
I let it all go of everything that I know, yeah
Of everything that I know, yeah
And nothing hurts anymore, I feel kinda free
We're still the kids we used to be, yeah, yeah
I put my hand on a stove, to see if I still bleed, yeah
And nothing hurts anymore, I feel kinda free
We're still the kids we used to be, yeah, yeah
I put my hand on a stove, to see if I still bleed, yeah
And nothing hurts anymore, I feel kinda free
We're still the kids we used to be, yeah, yeah
I put my hand on a stove, to see if I still bleed, yeah
And nothing hurts anymore, I feel kinda free
We're still the kids we used to be, yeah, yeah
I put my hand on a stove, to see if I still bleed, yeah
And nothing hurts anymore, I feel kinda free
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Kanye West, Daft Punk, Gesaffelstein, Brodinski, Arca and Mike Dean]

[Intro: Beenie Man]
Relivin' the past?
Your loss

[Verse 1: King Louie]
Rockstar, bitch, call me Elvis
M.O.B, she call me selfish
Success got 'em jealous
Shorty's killin', while I'm drillin'
Tattoos, how they break the news
It was real if you made the news
Last night, my bitches came in twos
And they both sucked like they came to lose
Dropped out first day of school
'Cause niggas got cocaine to move
I be goin' hard, I got a name to prove
Killin' 'em, honey, how I make the pain improve

[Chorus: King Louie]
We can send this bitch up, it can't go down
We can send this bitch up, it can't go down
We can send this bitch up, it can't go down
We can send this bitch up, it can't go down

[Interlude: Kanye West]
Woo, woo
Woo, woo

[Chorus: King Louie & Kanye West ]
We can send this bitch up, it can't go down
We can send this bitch up, it can't go down
We can send this bitch up, it can't go down
We can send this bitch up, it can't go down ( Woo )

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
This the craziest shit in the club (Woo)
Since "In Da Club"
(Woo)
It's so packed, I might ride around on my bodyguard's back like Prince in the club
She say, "Can you get my friends in the club?"
I say, "Can you get my Benz in the club?"
If not, treat your friends like my Benz
Park they ass outside 'til the evenin' end
When I go raw, I like to leave it in
When I wake up, I like to go again
When I go to work, she gotta call it in
She can't go to work, same clothes again
And her heart colder than the soles I'm in
Louboutin on the toes again
Tight dress dancin' close to him
Yeezus just rose again

[Chorus: King Louie]
We can send this bitch up, it can't go down
We can send this bitch up, it can't go down
We can send this bitch up, it can't go down
We can send this bitch up, it can't go down

[Outro: Beenie Man]
Memories don't leave like people do
They always 'member you
Whether things are good or bad
It's just the memories that you have
Memories don't leave like people do
They always 'member you
Whether things are good or bad
It's just the memories that you have
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Denzel Washington from American Gangster ]
"Most important thing in business is honesty, integrity, hard work, family;
Never forgetting where we came from."

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Poor me, dad was gone, finally got my dad back
Liver bad, he wouldn't live long, that snatched my dad back
Guidance? I never had that, streets was my second home
Welcomed me with open arms, provided a place to crash at
A place to study math at – matter of fact, I learned it all
Burnt it all, this music is where I bury the ashes at
Flashback, not having much, not having that
Had to get some challah bread, so you can holla back, and
Holla at my Jewish lawyer, to enjoy the fruit of letting my cash stack
And just in case a nigga gotta use his rat-tat-tat-tat-tat
Own boss, own your masters, slaves
The mentality I carry with me to this very day
Fuck rich, let's get wealthy, who else gon' feed we?
If I need it, I'ma get it however – God help me

[Refrain: Jay-Z]
And I don't need no hook for this shit

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
I'm so fa sho', it's no façade
"Stay out of trouble," Mama said, as Mama sighed
Her fear, her youngest son'd be a victim of homicide
But I gotta get you out of here, Mama, or I'ma die
Inside
And either way, you lose me, Mama, so let loose of me
I got the rein, our direction will soon change
To live and die in N.Y. in the hustle game
Hustle 'caine, hustle clothes, or hustle music
But hustle hard in any hustle that you pick
Skinny nigga, toothpick, but–but I do lift
Weight like I'm using 'roids
Rolls-Royce, keep my movements smooth while maneuvering
Through all the manure in the sewer that I grew up in
Choices we make, trying to escape, 'scape

[Refrain: Jay-Z]
And I don't need no hook for this shit

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
This is not for commercial usage
Please don't categorize this as music
Please don't compare me to other rappers
Compare me to trappers,
I'm more Frank Lucas than Ludacris
And Luda's my dude, I ain't tryna diss
Like, Frank Lucas is cool, but I ain't trying to snitch
I'ma follow the rules, no matter how much time I'ma get
I'ma live and die with the decisions that I'ma pick
So fuck DeHaven for caving, that's why we don't speak
Made men ain't supposed to make statements
End of the story, I followed the code, cracked the safe
Other niggas ain't in the game, so they practice hate
Leave that boy Hov' alone, why don't cha?
You don't have to if you don't want to, but don't say I didn't warn you

[Refrain: Jay-Z]
Oh... and I don't need no hook for this shit!
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Verse 1]
Uh, letter to my dad that I never wrote
Speeches I prepared that I never spoke
Words on a paper that I never read
Proses never penned, they stayed in my head
Jotted on dotted lines, "I'ma fight you, nigga"
From stories that I heard, I'm just like you, nigga
Must've been some pain in your past, too
Must've been a karma that was past due
Must it be the energy that passed through
Must've been a pastor, many snafus
Started a good man, you married my mama
I was in her belly, you hurried that Summer
She had two kids from a previous mister
One family, I don't believe in half-sisters
Never treated my brother like a step, Pop
Remembered the many lessons when we stepped out

[Chorus]
What was you preparing us—
For?

[Verse 2]
Did you see the runt as the front-runner
Leader of the pack
, you see that in your youngins
What ancestors did you summon to the summit
To give me what I needed, what you need to take from 'em
The tsunamis that I swum in to become in
Had the cable with the anchor for the places that I sunk in
Unc in a better place but you couldn't function
Shot junk in your arms, more than your veins was punctured
I punted on feelings, 'cause you said you was coming
You couldn't kick the habit, I wish you said something
You can't avenge these many sins with your own hands
You wanna make God laugh, just tell him your plans
Who would've thought I'd be the dad I never had
Be the husband I've become, usually nothing come from that
I forgive you as I live through the beautiful present of the past
I'm just thankful that I get all these gifts to unwrap

[Chorus]
What was you preparing us—
For?
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by TNGHT, Kanye West, Mike Dean, Arca, Carlos "6 July" Broady, and 88 Keys]

[Intro: Nina Simone]
Strange fruit hangin' from the poplar trees
Blood on the leaves

[Verse 1: Kanye West & Nina Simone ]
I just need to clear my mind now
It's been racin' since the summertime
( Freeze )
Now I'm holdin' down the summer now
( Freeze )
And all I want is what I can't buy now ( Blood on the leaves )
'Cause I ain't got the money on me right now
And I told you to wait ( Freeze )
Yeah, I told you to wait ( Freeze )
So I'ma need a little more time now ( Blood on the leaves )
'Cause I ain't got the money on me right now
And I thought you could wait ( Freeze )
Yeah, I thought you could wait
( Freeze )
These bitches surroundin' me ( Black bodies )
All want something out me
( Swinging in the southern breeze )
Then they talk about me ( Freeze )
Would be lost without me
We could've been somebody ( Strange fruit hangin' )
Thought you'd be different 'bout it ( From the poplar trees )
Now I know you not it ( From the poplar trees )
So let's get on with it

[Chorus: Kanye West]
We could've been somebody
'Stead, you had to tell somebody
Let's take it back to the first party
When you tried your first molly
And came out of your body
And came out of your body

[Post-Chorus: Kanye West & Nina Simone ]
Running naked down the lobby
And you were screamin' that you love me
Before the limelight tore you
Before the limelight stole you
Remember we were so young
When I would hold you ( Black bodies )

[Bridge: Kanye West & Nina Simone ]
Before the blood on the leaves ( Swinging in the southern breeze )
( Freeze )
I know there ain't wrong with me ( Strange fruit hangin' )
Something strange is happenin'
( From the poplar trees )
Uh, uh, ayy, ayy ( From the poplar trees )

[Chorus: Kanye West]
You could've been somebody
We could've, uh, we could've been somebody
Or was it on the first party
When we tried our first molly?
And came out of our body
And came out of our body, yeah

[Post-Chorus: Kanye West]
Before they call lawyers
Before you tried to destroy us
How you gon' lie to the lawyer?
It's like I don't even know you
I gotta bring it back to the 'Nolia

[Interlude: Kanye West & Nina Simone ]
Fuck them other niggas, 'cause I'm down with my niggas ( Black bodies )
Fuck them other niggas, 'cause I'm down with my niggas ( Swinging in the southern breeze )
Fuck them other niggas, 'cause I'm down with my niggas ( Freeze )
I ride with my niggas, I'd die for my—

[Bridge: Kanye West & Nina Simone ]
Uh ( Strange fruit hangin' )
Uh, on the southern leaves ( From the poplar trees )
( From the poplar trees )

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
To all my second-string bitches tryna get a baby
Tryna get a baby? Now you talkin' crazy
I don't give a damn if you used to talk to JAY-Z
He ain't with you, he with Beyoncé, you need to stop actin' lazy
She Instagram herself, like, "Bad bitch alert"
He Instagram his watch, like, "Mad rich alert"
He only wanna see that ass in reverse
Two-thousand-dollar bag with no cash in your purse
Now you sittin' courtside, wifey on the other side
Gotta keep 'em separated, I call that apartheid
Then she said she pregnant-ated, that's the night your heart died
Then you gotta go and tell your girl and report that
Main reason 'cause your pastor said you can't abort that
Now your driver say that new Benz, you can't afford that
All that cocaine on the table, you can't snort that
That go into that, all that money that the court got
All in on that alimony, uh
Yeah-yeah, she got you, homie, yeah
'Til death, but do your part, uh
Unholy matrimony

[Bridge: Nina Simone]
Black bodies swinging in the southern breeze
Freeze
Strange fruit hanging from the poplar trees
From the poplar trees

[Outro: Kanye West & Nina Simone ]
That summer night, holdin' long and long ( Freeze )
'Din long ( Freeze )
No waiting for the summer rose and
breeze
( Blood on the leaves )
And breathe, ( Freeze )
And breathe and breathe ( Blood on the leaves )
And breathe and breathe ( Freeze, freeze )
And breathe and breathe ( Black bodies swinging in the southern breeze )
And live and learn, and live and learn ( Strange fruit hangin' )
And livin' and livin' like I'm lonely ( From the poplar trees )
Lonely, lonely, lonely ( From the poplar trees )
And livin' lonely
And live and learn ( Freeze, freeze )
And live ( Blood on the leaves )
And live ( Freeze, freeze )
Blood on the leaves
Freeze, freeze
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
Turn it up!

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Step up in this bitch like
( Turn it up!)
I'm the one your bitch like
Yeah, I'm the one your bitch like
( Turn it up! )
And I be talkin' shit like
I ain't scared to lose a fistfight
( Turn it up! )
And she grabbin' on my, like
She wanna see if it'll fit right
That's just the wave
( Turn it up! )

[Chorus: Chris Brown, Theophilus London ]
( Yeah ) Waves don't die ( Real ting badmon! )
Let me crash here for the moment (Yeah)
I don't need to own it
No lie
Waves don't die, baby
Let me crash here for a moment ( Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah )
Baby, I don't, I don't need to own you
( Turn it up! )

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Sun don't shine in the shade, ugh
( Turn it up! )
Bird can't fly in a cage, ugh
( Turn it up! )
Even when somebody go away, ugh
( Turn it up! )
The feelings don't really go away
That's just the wave

[Chorus: Chris Brown, Theophilus London ]
( Yeah ) Waves don't die ( Real ting badmon! )
Let me crash here for the moment
I don't need to own it
No lie
Waves don't die, baby
Let me crash here for a moment ( Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah )
Baby, I don't, I don't need to own you

[Refrain: Chris Brown]
No lie
No lie
No lie
You set the night on fire
I'm still gon' be here in the morning
No lie

[Bridge: Kid Cudi & Kanye West]
(Humming)

[Refrain: Chris Brown]
No lie (Yeah)
Ooh, babe, ooh, baby, oh, yeah
You set the night on fire
I'm still gon' be here in the morning
No lie
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Kanye West and No I.D.]

[Intro: Jay-Z]
Blueprint, trois
Yeah, yeah

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
What we talkin' 'bout? Real shit or we talkin' 'bout rhymes?
You talkin' 'bout millions or you talkin' 'bout mine?
What we talkin' 'bout? 'Cause I ain't got time
For what people be talkin' 'bout all the time
What we talkin' 'bout? Fiction or we talkin' 'bout fact?
You talkin' 'bout fiction? Hold up, pardon my back
I'm talkin' 'bout life (Life, life)
And all I hear is, "Oh yeah, he keeps talkin' 'bout crack"
I ain't talkin' 'bout profit, I'm talkin' 'bout pain
I'm talkin' 'bout despair, I'm talkin' 'bout shame
I ain't talkin' 'bout gossip, I ain't talkin' 'bout Game
I ain't talkin' 'bout Jimmy, I ain't talkin' 'bout Dame
I'm talkin' 'bout real shit, them people playin'
What is you talkin' 'bout? I don't know what y'all sayin'
People keep talkin' 'bout, "Hov, take it back!"
I'm doin' better than before, why would I do that?
Ain't nothin' cool 'bout carryin' a strap
'Bout worryin' your moms and buryin' your best cat
I'm talkin' 'bout revenge while carryin' his casket
All teary-eyed, 'bout to take it to a mattress
I'm talkin' 'bout music, I ain't talkin' 'bout rap
You talkin' 'bout who's hot, I ain't talkin' 'bout that
The conversation is changed, let's yap about that
I don't run rap no more, I run the map

[Chorus: Luke Steele & Jay-Z ]
They talk, we live
We see what they say, they say, they say
I see what y'all talkin' about, ha ha
They talk, we did
Who cares what they say, they say, they say?

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Chyeah, still they can't focus on them, they be talkin' 'bout me
Talkin' 'bout what I wear, talkin' 'bout where I be
Yeah, check out my hair, these ain't curls, these is peas
Peasey head still get paid, I'm combin' through G's
Please, we ain't focused on naps
'Cause I don't run rap no more, I run the map
A small part of the reason the President is black
I told him I got him when he hit me on the jack
Talkin' 'bout progress, I ain't lookin' back
You know I run track, try not to get lapped
People keep talkin' 'bout Hov left 'em flat
Tryna rewrite history, let's talk about facts
Dame made millions, even Jaz made some scraps
He could've made more but he ain't sign his contract
As far as street guys, we was dealin' crack
That's just how the game goes, I don't owe nobody jack
Grown men, want me to sit 'em on my lap
But I don't have a beard and Santa Claus ain't black
I repeat, you can't sit on my lap
I don't have a beard, now get off my sack—scream at me!

[Chorus: Luke Steele & Jay-Z ]
They talk, we live
We see what they say, they say, they say
They talk, we did
Who cares what they say, they say, they say?
Blueprint 3

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
And now that that's that, let's talk about the future
We have just seen the dream as predicted by Martin Luther
Now you could choose to sit in front of your computer
Posin' with guns, shootin' YouTube up
Or you could come with me to the White House, get your suit up
You stuck on being hardcore, I chuck the deuce up
Peace out
Medusa
Welcome to the Blue-ah-Print-ah tre-piece, Jay-Z your tutor
Tooter of my own horn, beep beep,
moo ya
Rass clot when rude boy come through with the roof up
So I could see the sky
'Cause everybody talkin' Hov, I think we know why

[Chorus: Luke Steele]
They talk, we live
We see what they say, they say, they say
They talk, we did
Who cares what they say, they say, they say?

[Outro: Luke Steele]
They say
They say
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Kanye West & The Neptunes]

[Intro: Kanye West & James Brown ]
Turn my headphones up
Louder
Uh-huh, uh-huh
What you need,
what—what you need
I got what you need, what—what you need
What you need, what—what you need
I got what you need

[Verse 1: Kanye West & Jay-Z ]
Hello, hello, hello, hello, white America, assassinate my character
Money matrimony, yeah, they tryna break the marriage up
Who gon' act phony or who gon' try to embarrass ya?
I'ma need a day off, I think I'll call Ferris up
Bueller had a Muller,
but I switched it for a Mille
'Cause I’m richer, and prior to this shit, was movin' free base
Had a conference with the DJs ( Yeah? ), Puerto Rico, three days
Poli with the PDs, now they got our shit on replay
Sorry I'm in pajamas, but I just got off the PJ
And last party we had, they shut down Prive
Ain't that where the Heat play?
(Yup)
Niggas hate ballers these days
(Yup)
Ain't that like LeBron James?
Ain't that just like D-Wade? Wait

[Interlude: James Brown ]
What you need, what—what you need
I got what you need, what—what you need
What you need, what—what you need
I got what you need

[Verse 2: Jay-Z & Kanye West ]
What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, motherfucker? Where my money at?
You gon' make me come down to your house where your mommy at
Mummy wrap the kids, have 'em cryin' for they mommy back
Dummy that your daddy is, tell him I just want my racks
Racks on racks on racks
(Racks)
Maybachs on 'Bachs on 'Bachs on 'Bachs on 'Bachs
Who in that?
Oh shit, it's just Blacks on Blacks on Blacks
Hundred stack,
how you get it?
Nigga, layin' raps on tracks
I wish I could give you this feeling, I'm planking on a million
I'm riding through your hood, you can bank I ain't got no ceiling
Made a left on Nostrand Ave,
(Right),
we in Bed-Stuy
Made a right on 79th, I'm coming down South Shore Drive
I remain Chi-Town,
Brooklyn 'til I die

[Outro: James Brown]
Take 'em on home
I got what you need, what—what you need
Take 'em on home
What you need, what—what you need
I got what you need, what—what you need
Take 'em on home
Tryna hurt my name, huh?
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced By Anthony Kilhoffer, Kanye West & Mike Dean]

[Chorus: Mr. Hudson]
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Picture, if you will, that the throne's burning
Rome's burning, and I'm sitting in the corner all alone, burning
Why does it always end up like this?
Something that we don't determine
Same people that I fought for, that I fight for, that I ride for
That I live for, that I die for
Be the reason that these niggas is alive for
And they want me dead, but I'm sorry, but I just can't die for you
But I can make 'em put their hands in the sky for you
We waiting for the fireworks like July 4th
Get fly more, get high more, cry boy, why for?
When the grief is over, beef is over
I'll be fly when Easter's over
I tried to teach niggas how to be kings
And all they ever wanted to be was soldiers
So when love is gone 'til blood is drawn
'Cause we no longer wear the same uniform
Fuck you, squares, the circle got smaller
The castle got bigger, the walls got taller
And truth be told, after all that said
Niggas still got love for you

[Chorus: Mr. Hudson]
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know

[Verse 2: Jay-Z & Kanye West ]
Showed love to you niggas
You ripped out my heart and you stepped on it
I picked up the pieces 'fore you swept on it
Goddamn, this shit leaves a mess, don't it?
Shit feelin' like death, don't it?
Charge it to the game, whatever's left on it
I spent about a minute, maybe less on it
Fly, pelican, fly,
turn the jets on it
But first I shall digress on it
Wasn't I a good king?
Maybe too much of a good thing, huh?
Didn't I spoil you? Me or the money, what you loyal to?
Huh, I gave you my loyalty
Made you royalty and royalties
Took care of these niggas' lawyer fees
And this is how niggas rewarded me, damn

[Chorus: Mr. Hudson]
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you, I'll never know

[Verse 3: Jay-Z & Kanye West ]
Bussin' at me, b-b-b-bussin' at me
But I'm bulletproof, bitch, you can't get nothin' past me
Got body armor
A nigga gotta watch the throne
And I'm bussin' back
So niggas in a glass house should not throw stones
What do you do when the love turn to hate?
Gotta separate from these fuckin' fakes
Caesar didn't see it, so he ceased to exist
So the nigga that killed him had keys to his shit
Am I my brother's keeper?
Only if that nigga don't creep up
Got a pistol under my pillow
I've never been a deep sleeper
P-P-P-Paranoia,
'cause the nigga that said he'll
Blast for ya
is now
blastin' for ya
That's an assassin for ya
These niggas got a shot, they'll shoot
Please Lord,
forgive him
For these niggas
not know
what they do, ooh
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Sing That Shit (20syl Juicy Remix) Lyrics
Now everybody sing that shit

[Sampled from "The Game – The City"]

[Verse 1 - Kendrick Lamar]
Johnny always lock a nigga down
Knowing damn well we don't wanna see the box like Manny Pacquiao
Little nigga Mayweather size, ride like Pac
In his prime, thug life is now on radar
Til the federal come through and raid ours
Reminiscing when the LA Raiders
Was in my home, snapback fitted on my uncle's dome

[X4]
Snapback fitted
Snapback fitted
Snapback fitted
On my uncle's dome
And I don't condone dickriding, I'm addicted to
Westsiding, living in a city where the skinny niggas die
And the semi bullets fly, but it turn me to a lion
Trying, and I mean that shit
Game came through, put the city on his back
I was in the city with a nigga, had seen that shit
"Compton!", a nigga gotta scream that shit
Never went commercial, never T.V. screened that shit
Can't block or screen that shit

[X2]
Can't block or
Can't block or
Can't block or
Screen that shit
Can't block or screen that shit
Now everybody sing that shit

[Hook]
Now everybody sing that shit

[Outro]
I'm addicted to
Westsiding, living in a city where the skinny niggas die
And the semi bullets fly, but it turn me to a lion
Trying, and I mean that shit
Game came through, put the city on his back
I was in the city with a nigga, had seen that shit
Scream that shit
Never went commercial, never T.V. screened that shit
Can't block or screen that shit

[X2]
Can't block or
Can't block or
Can't block or
Screen that shit
Can't block or screen that shit
Now everybody sing that shit
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Arthur Russell]
Baby lion goes
Where the islands go

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
You say you never saw this comin', well, you're not alone
Million dollar renovations to a happy home
My ex says she gave me the best years of her life
I saw a recent picture of her, I guess she was right
I wake up, assessin' the damages
Checkin'
MediaTakeOut
Pictures of me drunk walkin' out with a bitch
But it's blurry enough to get the fake out
I wake up, all veggies no eggs
I hit the gym, all chest no legs
Yep, then I made myself a smoothie
Yeah, then me and wifey make a movie
Chicago, St. Louis, St. Louis to Chicago
Ándale, ándale E.I, E.I, uh-oh
You had me drivin' far enough to switch the time zone
You was the best of all time at the time, though
Yeah, you wasn't mine, though

[Chorus: Kanye West]
But I still drove thirty hours
And I, I still drove thirty hours to you, yeah

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I remember rappin' for Jay and Cam
Young producer just trying to get his flows off
I remember being nervous to do Victoria's Secret
'Til I pictured everybody with they clothes off
Expedition was Eddie Bauer edition
I'm drivin' with no winter tires in December
Skrrt, skrrt, skrrt, like a private school for women
Then I get there and all the Popeye's is finished, girl
You don't love me, you just pretendin'
I need a happy beginnin', middle and endin'
Chicago, St. Louis, St. Louis to Chicago
It's gettin' hot in here, that's all that I know
Got a hotel room, three stars for you
You call down for an omelet, girl, it's 5 in the morning
You realize we at the DoubleTree, not the Aria
Only thing open is Waffle House, girl, don't start with me
I used the Western Union for you like it's no prob'
'Cause you was in college complainin' 'bout it's no jobs
But you were suckin' a nigga dick the whole time
Well, I guess a blowjob's better than no job

[Chorus: Kanye West]
And I drove back thirty hours, uh

[Bridge: Arthur Russell]
Where the main ties onto the sail
Better on sighting
For astern, oh

[Outro: Kanye West & André 3000 ]
3 Stacks, can you help me out?
Thirty hours
Yeah, this type of shit you just ride out to
Thirty hours
Thirty hours
I just be like, it was my idea to have an open relationship
Now a nigga mad
Now I'm 'bout to drive ninety miles like Matt Barnes to kill
Thirty hours
Just to kill
Just to
Just to
I'm about to drive ninety
Ninety miles like Matt Barnes just to whoop a nigga ass
It was my idea and now a nigga
(Thirty hours)
Now a nigga mad, now a nigga, uh
A stunna
Whoop him after school just to show I got class
Duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh
Duh-duh with you, yeah
(Thirty hours)
You know what I'm sayin'? Drop some shit like that
Ayy, ayy, ayy-ayy, ayy, uh
Whoop him after school just to
Thirty hours
Whoop him after school just to show I got class
Uh, igh, uh, uh, 3 Stacks
Thirty hours
Just ride out to that, uh
Check it out: this the bonus track, this the bonus
Thirty hours
My favorite albums used to have like bonus joints like this
That's why they kick it off like this
Yeah, just did that Madison Square Garden
Thirty hours
Had to put the flyest nigga on this shit, ayy, ayy
The pyramids shall rise
Thirty hours
Look at these ultralight beams flowin'
For all the moms, the dads, the kids, the families that shared this moment with us
Let's rock out for 'bout
Thirty hours
You know, ayy, you know
Ayy, you know, ayy, you know
Thirty hours
Whole design team, Yeezy team, music team, ayy
Remember when the whole block'd get shout out?
This my version of a shout-out track
Thirty hours
Let that mothafucka rock, let that, let that, yeah
To my brother Yasiin, holding it down in Africa
Thirty hours
To my family: thank you for holding me down
The media be acting like
Thirty hours
That's Gabe calling
Yo, Gabe
I'm just doing a— I'm just doing an adlib track right now
What's up?
Thirty hours
Thirty hours

[Produced by Mike Dean, Kanye West & Karriem Riggins]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Whoo Ha!
Backpack raps with gats in it
Don't get your cap peeled by the black menace
K-Dot thoroughbred
Move like a militant soldier, on point like a pyramid
A forced to be reckoned with, fuck with the best shit
Like the strongest manure, I'm ready when you are
This is it, I'm in the lab cooking up all day
Fuck 'em up all day like a nympho
I been dope since S-Curl waves
Trying to convince hoes I got good hair
Knowing damn well there's chemicals there
I'm in the hood with the seventeen-year-olds that's on hood patrol
And they want stripes, so they shoot off bikes
And you know, any moment you can lose your life
So kiss your kids and hug your wife, and whatnot, yo
I spar with a dragon, he tried to throw a flame
But I ducked, then I stabbed him and came out the battle laughin'
That's a metaphor for any rapper who wants it
I smack 'em til their nose is running
You know the hoes is coming, if I'm there
And the hoes is cumming, once we hit the hotel
There's no assumptions
Cool out before I move out, hop on the 105
Do about 105 before your ass gets threw out the back seat
("There's a dead guy on the freeway")
Oh, It's not Dot? Tell the medics it's okay
A beast when the beat break
You probably think I'm dope, like this the realest shit I wrote
But to me, it's a throw-away
I stare at the four walls and rap like I'm mad at God
Nice enough to throw a spear at Nas
Launch at Jay, matter fact, let me take that back
See, I don't fuck with real legends in rap like you do
I'm crucial, concealed by real Crips and Suwoo
And they shoot like photography students when beef gets to brewing

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Is it real, son? Is it really real, son?
Is it really real, son? Is it really real?
Tell me how you feel, son, tell me how you feel, son
Tell me how you feel, son, tell me how you feel
You rappers got nothing for me when Soun-Sounwave record me
Every MC, I'm sure to rip them, I guarantee you will forgive them

[Verse 2: Ab-Soul]
Come again, no introduction, you know my name
Soul brother, deuces suck the juice from my ding-a-ling
Orangutan arms, banging niggas like a set
When I speak, they fucking silent, like sex for the deaf
Violence, I play it like violins
In the orchestra, treat you like vitamins
Then spit you back out
Like a verse I had way back before I had it mapped out
Rip a page out the Almanac, then cross reference when I wreck shit
I wish jaw bone fractures on all of you rappers bumping your gums
Like the measles when the record meets the needle
Heads spinning like a twelve-inch,
Smoking the best Celtic
Like I shot Larry Bird, follow my word
Big Herb
, ill with it, I need a hospital gown
You need fifty-four cards, deal with it
You may think I'm killing it, but I'm healing it
Like a bitch in the club' shoe game – touché

[Verse 3: Punch]
Ay yo yo, the flow potent
Who's more focused? Kick doors open
Deliver the golden opus, leave with two guns smoking
It's me, the podium closing, a poet well-spoken
The gropes is most consistent with imminent penmanship
Mind-bending, co-existing with the written
Verbal assassin, internally smashing
Spazzing on tracks – translation: I'm disgusting in action
A lyrical glutton busting over Sounwave productions
Y'all don't want nothing
The sum of all fears
Mercury rising, I'm summer all year
I sixteen 'em to death and wish them the best
I guess that's the gift and a curse, you see my pattering
Y'all still rapping like that's what's happening
I write rhymes with fire on stone tablets, peep the malice
I'm a monster, ya Boy running like William Joseph Crawford

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Is it real, son? Is it really real, son?
Is it really real, son? Is it really real?
Tell me how you feel, son, tell me how you feel, son
Tell me how you feel, son, tell me how you feel
You rappers got nothing for me when Soun-Sounwave record me
Every MC, I'm sure to rip them, I guarantee you will forgive them

[Verse 4: Kendrick Lamar]
Straight up
Don't get ate up
Put rappers in quicksand
Dot leaned on 'em like kickstands
I'm so hot, kids put me in their iPod
Even atheists play my shit and say, "My God
Jesus, Joseph, and Mary, he's nice" – don't compare me to them
Just compare me to Mike Jordan
When I record and the verse and the chorus is ill
You can land in lab of fortune when biting my skills, playa
Watch I lay-up, bar after bar, like I'm trying to build a gate up
See me on the way up, like an elevator
I'ma let you take the stairs
That metaphor meaning I'm already there (Greatness)
I'm in the booth with an apron
Cooking up shit like Martha Stewart was my bitch – amen
Stay on the curb like a spray paint can
Blowing herb with my nigga Herb
Fuck what you niggas heard
We the new West Coast Wu-Tang, bitch
And I'm the best, think less? You can suck my dick
Who from the West can kill it like us? Give me their name
Now I take 'em to the house of pain
Top Dawg headquarters

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Is it real, son? Is it really real, son?
Is it really real, son? Is it really real?
Tell me how you feel, son, tell me how you feel, son
Tell me how you feel, son, tell me how you feel
You rappers got nothing for me when Soun-Sounwave record me
Every MC, I'm sure to rip them, I guarantee you will forgive them
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
The Heart Pt. 1 Lyrics
This is the first installment in what has become known as Kendrick’s “The Heart Series.”
It samples Mos Def’s song “UMI Says” from his debut album Black On Both Sides, released in 1999.

[Intro]
Uh
A lil' Compton nigga
Just a lil' Compton nigga
One time for my niggas
You know Compton, nigga
Just a lil' Compton nigga, uh
Uh, Kendrick Lamar, uh

[Verse]
Yo, uh, back with a vengeance
Back with my heart and I'm venting
Back with another war pendant, salute me or shoot me
I never wore a kufi, ignore my religion
I believe there's one God, there's one love
And I believe if I fly, we all doves
I make a way for my people to see the light
Brighter than yellow bones
Me and my microphone could be one
Until I see B.I.G, Pac, see Pun but this ain't Eazy
I can't take a Big L, my city needs me, I gotta win
The proof is in the pudding
And I been fucking with Cosby since I was ten, you damn right
Any means necessary, get the campaign right
Very emotional I'm a Gemini, I love hard and I fight harder
, a born author
A born starter, in the game for real
And the games appeal to the struggling youth with no father
You can't learn if mistakes ain't made
You gotta pay your homage in order to get paid
You gotta pay attention in order to pay dues
And you ain't gettin' it, 'til you start payin' Jews
Lifestyles of the young and the broke
With my hand under oath, I recite these quotes
And if I ever lie then I die where I stand as a pest not a man but a roach and a rat
In order to see the front, I had to play the back
We played our position, we let y'all play y'all self, y'all made y'all decision
We pray while we prey on competition
To flip another page of Corinthians
I see stars when I write these sentences
Words crash cars when I write these sentences
Open jail bars for my niggas' life sentences
Free J-Dove, kill all witnesses
Y'all better hope 2012 really real, cause the way I feel I'ma make y'all suffer
And take y'all supper
I haven't ate in the last 22 summers and I'm 22 now it's about to go down
So en garde, my God, we got these artists' arsenal
Oh, I'm free
Finally I can say I'm me
The Kendrick Lamar EP
, classic EP
The question concerns
I dropped it and gave the whole world my germs
Hope y'all infected
Hope y'all ain't have no protection
Still I'm progressing, room for improvement
Make room for the groom married to his music
I was at the XXL just trying to excel
Networking, meanwhile my stomach turning
Wanted to be a part of it, cater it to my audience
J. Cole runnin' late
If he don't show up, think I can take his place
Ladies start laughing
No pun intended, I ain't being sarcastic
Homie popped up with about twenty bags and
Fresh out the plane, I couldn't even complain
My nigga was on his hustle, I introduced him my name
Said I'll see him on the bubble in the future, my dude,, I salute ya
Contributing the real shit
Talk about it make the people talk about it
Make the world see, for every MC that I see tryna stay afloat
Tell 'em build a boat like Noah
And take him to a place that I'm sure we all can blow up, boom
I ain't a star yet but I'm gettin' close to 'em
And if you see a whack artist do more than boo him
Throw him off the banister, shoot him on camera
Then kill his manager
Then hang a banner up, that reads "You can't proceed
Without bein' conceived by one album of the 90's"
On Rosecrans where you'll find me
And all my niggas is grimy
But I remain the good kid
Tryna make a difference where I'm from, where you live
Oh no, we got to slow the city down
I told the homeboy pump his brakes
He said that he rather put the pump to his face
Sawed off
Torture, turn the saw off, it's scorchin'
Hot where I'm from, the newscasters don't come
Another ratchet got dumped, in the trashcan I ain't done
A baby in there with it
She said postpartum did it
Molested at eleven and she always reminiscing
When he was undressing said it'll only be a minute
That's why I think i'm always kicking something with feeling
I should've been a dentist
I should've been a blizzard-cold
Flash, pose, flash, pose, a critic paparazzi got me on my toes
I wanna jump on him like a tad-pole, tad-pole, ass-holes
Tryna kill my dreams, not elevate
Those are not my dreams, I'll be straight
With a little bit of passion
And a drive like an Aston
Motivation from Nipsey or Glasses, Jay Rock
Mykestro, Bad Lucc, U-N-I
Dom Kennedy, Murs and Fashawn
Lady G, Willie B in time
I'ma blow like I'm mothafuckin' sniffing lines
Go like I never seen a red light shine
Flow to my heart, hit the flo' when I'm dying
Heart of a lion, tell 'em get in line
And pass the baton, I won't pass it back, I ain't good at dimes
If the bitch bad, I could pass you a dime
Haters better duck like I'm passing a pond
Know I'm the king and I'm passing you pawns
Pad on the hill that's a passion of mine
Problem is I shine like two mics under heavy strobe lights
I'ma need two mics just to get my point across
I'ma get my joint across, country y'all gon' want me
P—

[Outro]
"This is a song that makes me spill out all my guts—"
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Pain In Da Ass]
You know, you've got this fantasy in yo' head about
Gettin' out of the life and setting the corporate world on its ear
What the fuck you gonna do except hustle?
Besides pimpin', you really ain't got the stomach for that

[Verse: Jay-Z]
The game's fucked up, nigga's beats is bangin', nigga, your hooks did it
Your lyrics didn't—your gangsta look did it
So I would write it if y'all could get it
Bein' intricate'll get you wood, critic
On the internet, they like, "You should spit it"
I'm like, "You should buy it, nigga, that's good business" Haha
Forget this rap shit, I need a new hustle
A little bit of everything, the new, improved Russell
I say that reluctantly, 'cause I do struggle
As you see, I can't leave, so I do love you
But I'm just a hustler disguised as a rapper
In fact, you can't fit this hustle inside of a wrapper
Back when crack was what these pills are
I was a real star
Complete with real cars, no video ones
You can come and set up a camera, let the video run
And my real life complete with real ice
VVS boulders all invisibly set
Head and shoulders, my invisible neck
You see, Hova wasn't digital yet
Before Steve Jobs made the iPod
Was getting head jobs, we call that "interneck"
Back when rappers wouldn't dare play lyrical roulette
With a automatic weapon I was rappin' with a TEC
Fresh like Mannie be, chain like anti-freeze
Shoebox full of cash, dealer-man hand me keys
Pantries full of Arm & Hammer
Don't take Nancy Drew to see what it do, I'm a damn G (Ugh)
Just sent a million dollars through a hands-free
That's big money talk—can you answer me?
Before the answer was a three
I was down in Georgetown with a Hoya chick, lawyer chick
Sure, he's rich now 'cause he saw the shit, all this shit
That's why they call him Hov, 'cause he came before all this shit
Bought a six, quarter seven, skipped on them quarter eights
Bought a nine for nonstop Glock work all the time (Woo!)
Guess who's back
Since this is a New Era, got a fresh, new hat
Ten-year veteran, I've been set
I've been through with this bullshit game, but I never can
I used to think rappin' at 38 was ill
But last year alone, I grossed 38 mil'
I know I ain't quite 38, but still
The flow so special,
got a 38 feel
The real is back
Hahahaha
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Broke My Heart Lyrics

[Verse 1: Schoolboy Q]
You been down with me since I first started
No love for a friend, baby girl cold-hearted
I know it's really hard to believe
But fuck her with the shoe, I probably would never succeed
On my knees, beggin', 'Please' for the Lord to forgive me
I tried to bounce, but your spirit had bit me
I'm drinkin' the Remy,
killin' niggas, squeezin' the semi
Ridin' 'round in a Cutlass, shit, I need me a Bentley
I missed bail cause of you, nigga, went to jail cause of you
Trialed niggas in my cell cause of you
I squeeze shells cause of you, I wouldn't tell cause of you
Even probably brought my ticket down to hell cause of you
Damn, look, see, I'm knowin' that I'm 'posed to shake
But anytime I leave you, I'm feelin' my heart ache
Hope you feelin' my vibe, holmes
Nah, not a chick, I mean the shit that you drive, holmes

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
You did me wrong, you put me down
Made me feel low when you're around
And you broke my heart, you broke my heart
My chips went down, it was you I needed
But I was not down, baby, barely breathin'
And you broke my heart
You broke my heart

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Livin' a double life, havin' double shots of Patrón
With my mistress 'stead of my wife, I was on
Like the switch in my Marriott, can we get married, Dot?'
I fucked her three times, then I was gone, apparently not
Story of the 80–20 rule is me
Movin' cautiously, parked in the park with my back seat
Way back, her perfume on my white tee
Ignorin' calls from my wifey
See, I was dead wrong, but was tryin' to get a nut
And she had some great dome
Like the New Orleans Saints when they're playin' at home
What's a nigga to think? Oh, just throw away some pussy
Then my conscious called me, 'Pussy'
You don't understand, mama had ass
And I'm quite a butt man, I love my wife, but, man...
I never thought of the day I would quit
Till I opened the door, seen a nigga fuckin' my bitch

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
You did me wrong, you put me down
Made me feel low when you're around
And you broke my heart, you broke my heart
My chips went down, it was you I needed
But I was not down, baby, barely breathin'
And you broke my heart
You broke my heart
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Slick Rick]
Believe it or not
Believe it or not

[Chorus: Charlie Wilson & Kid Cudi]
Make no mistake, girl, I still love you
Make no mistake, girl, I still love you
Make no mistake, girl, I still love you
Make no mistake, girl, I still love you

[Verse: Kanye West & Slick Rick ]
Take the top off, let the sun come in ( The Lord still shines on you )
Woah, for all my dogs that stayed down, we up again (Again)
Oh, I got dirt on my name, I got white on my beard
I had debt on my books, it's been a shaky-ass year
Let me make this clear, so all y'all see
I don't take advice from people less successful than me
Hah? Ain't no love lost, but the gloves off
And we up in this bitch until they turn the club off
Had to tell the dogs, "Turn the snubs off"
Plus they already mad that the Cubs lost
( Believe it or not )
These two wrongs'll right you
( Believe it or not )
I was too grown in high school
( Believe it or not )
The true soul of Ice Cube
Too close to snipe you, truth told, I like you
Too bold to type you, too rich to fight you
Calm down, you light skin

[Chorus: Charlie Wilson & Kid Cudi ( Slick Rick )]
Make no mistake, girl, I still love you (Make no)
Make no mistake, girl, I still love you (No way)
( Believe it or not, the Lord still shines on you )
Make no mistake, girl, I still love you
( Believe it or not, the Lord still shines on you )
Make no mistake, girl, I still love you
( Believe it or not, the Lord still shines on you )
Make no mistake, girl, I still love you (No way)
Make no mistake, girl, I still love you
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
( I done gotten in trouble again )
What the fuck
I tried, man
I'm back
Peace talks this song (Fuck, I tried!)
( I done gotten in trouble again )
Hahahaha
Yeah
( I done gotten in trouble again )

[Chorus]
I try to pretend that I'm different, but in the end
We're all the same, all the same
I pray to God, Father forgive a nigga
I'm never gonna change, gonna change
I try to pretend that I'm different, but in the end
We're all the same, all the same
I pray to God, Father forgive a nigga
I'm never gonna change, gonna change

[Verse 1]
Now the singer Rob calls the police on me
Y'all niggas ran out and copped the CD
See, what I discovered is y'all some snitch lovers
I might speak, but I don't fuck with nobody
See what Doug, Jimmy & L.A. don't know
These young'un's crossed the line with Hov', I'm letting it blow
Had the papers writing stories like, "Didn't they know?
This what happen when they made that rapper CEO"
I know, it's just a matter of time before the steady hate
Starts to overflow, then the levee breaks
And my conscience go, "You escaped the RICO
Why throw everything away over ego?
You paper-chasing, they paper-hating
Billionaire Hov', you on the pace to make it"
Fuck that, exclamation, comma
Quotation's "I love drama," period

[Chorus]
I try to pretend that I'm different, but in the end
We're all the same, all the same
I pray to God, Father forgive a nigga
I'm never gonna change, gonna change
I try to pretend that I'm different, but in the end
We're all the same, all the same
I pray to God, Father forgive a nigga
I'm never gonna change, gonna change (Ugh, yeah, I'm back)

[Verse 2]
Smelling like Patrón, singing dirty rap songs
Tip-toeing in the crib like six in the morn'
Every day it's the same, I said in Blueprint that I'd never change
It's just a part of the game
Respect me I'm a thug, I might cool out for a sec
But expect me to bug, it's in my blood
But if my chick leave me, she gon' leave me for something
She gon' leave me 'cause Halle, she ain't gon' leave me for nothing
Picture me getting up with something sleazy
Something, something, so easy
You could take out of Speed like nothing
Soon as you finish cutting, you like, "Leave me please"
Not me, I need Angelina Joliezy comfort
So I ain't gon' make a move unless I got a Plan B
That'll happen the day I have a baby by Free
Not to say that anything is wrong with Free
Just to say that ain't nothing wrong with me
If my hand's in the cookie jar, know one thing
I'ma take the cookie, not leave my ring
If my hand's in the cookie jar, know one thing
I'ma take—hahaha, y'all know what I mean

[Chorus]
I try to pretend that I'm different, but in the end
We're all the same, all the same
I pray to God, Father forgive a nigga
I'm never gonna change, gonna change
I try to pretend that I'm different, but in the end
We're all the same, all the same
I pray to God, Father forgive a nigga
I'm never gonna change, gonna change

[Verse 3]
Ugh, you lil' niggas ain't deep, you dumb
You niggas ain't gangsta, you gum—I chew lil' niggas
Hock-ptui, spew lil' niggas
I can only view lil' niggas like lil' niggas
But in lieu of lil' niggas tryna play that boy
I "pew-pew!" lil' niggas with the latest toy
Unlike you, lil' nigga, I'm a grown-ass man
Big shoes to fill, nigga, grown-ass pants
Probably hustled with your pops, go ask your parents
It's apparent you're staring at a legend who
Put a few lil' niggas in their place before
Tryna eat without saying their grace before
Blasphemous bastard, get your faith restored
You're viewing your version of the Lord, God—
MC, lil' nigga, applaud, or
Forever burn in the fire that I spit at y'all
I rebuke you, lil' nigga, the meek shall perish
I'll roof you, lil' nigga, I'm a project terrorist
Cute, you lil' niggas think you in my class
Substitute, lil' niggas soon feel my wrath
I mute you, little nigga, you a lil' nigga
I child-abuse you, lil' nigga, I'm a ill nigga
Now shoot, you lil' niggas, go somewhere and play
'Cause the day I lose to you lil' niggas: no day

[Chorus]
I try to pretend that I'm different, but in the end
We're all the same, all the same
I pray to God, Father forgive a nigga
I'm never gonna change, gonna change
I try to pretend that I'm different, but in the end
We're all the same, all the same
I pray to God, Father forgive a nigga
I'm never gonna change, gonna change
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Verse 1]
Now, I was raised on the wild side, ever since a child
I 'member food stamps when mama said it's chow time
Papa had the green Seville with the Alpine
Woofer in the back
,
Doggystyle, track number 9
Lifestyles of a lil' nappy head
Guns in the closet, bills in the bed
Watchin' JAY-Z on BET countin' bread
Pointed at him then I said

[Chorus]
Man, you ain't gettin' money without me (No, no, no)
Nigga, you ain't gettin' money without me (No, no, no)
Somebody tell
Puff
he ain't gettin' money without me (No, no, no)
You ain't gettin' money without me (No, no, no, no, no, no)

[Post-Chorus]
And you can talk about it, I'ma be about it (Woah, woah)
You can talk about it, I'ma be about it (Woah, ay, woah)
You can talk about it, I'ma be about it (Woah, woah)
You can talk about it, I'ma be about it (Woah, ay, woah)
You can talk about it, I'ma be about it (Woah, woah)
You can talk about it, I'ma be about it (Woah, ay, woah)
You can talk about it, I'ma be about it (Woah, woah)
You can talk about it, I'ma be about it

[Verse 2]
No brakes on my GT, they know I'm gone in the wind
I'm on a mission and my ambition won't let me see you again
No time for the bullshit, fake smiles and fake friends
I progressed and left stress alone, now I'm on Cloud 10
I'm so sick and tired living the same life
Being sick and tired, looking at your life
Steady wondering why
My new 600 never sitting outside
But I know new whips coming soon as I apply myself quick
I don't have it now but I know it exists
The day I meet Oprah, tap her on the shoulder
Then I tell her this

[Chorus]
Lady, you ain't gettin' money without me (No, no, no)
You ain't gettin' money without me (No, no, no)
Somebody tell Dre he ain't gettin' money without me (No, no, no)
Nigga, you ain't gettin' money without me (No, no, no, no, no, no)

[Post-Chorus]
And you can talk about it, I'ma be about it (Woah, woah)
You can talk about it, I'ma be about it (Woah, ay, woah)
You can talk about it, I'ma be about it (Woah, woah)
You can talk about it, I'ma be about it (Woah, ay, woah)
You can talk about it, I'ma be about it (Woah, woah)
You can talk about it, I'ma be about it (Woah, ay, woah)
You can talk about it, I'ma be about it (Woah, woah)
You can talk about it, I'ma be about it

[Outro]
Ay, you ain't gettin' money without me, yeah (No, no, no)
Me, yeah, me, yeah
You ain't gettin' money without me, yeah (No, no, no)
Me, yeah, me, yeah
You ain't gettin' money without me, yeah (No, no, no)
Me, yeah, me, yeah
You ain't gettin' money without me, yeah (No, no, no, no, no, no)
Me, yeah, me, yeah
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Illest Motherfucker Alive Lyrics
“Illest Motherfucker Alive” begins with pure silence, and turns straight into the most unexpected banger from Watch the Throne. Ode of self confidence.

[Three minutes of silence]

[Intro: Kanye West]
Uh-oh, damn, uh-oh
1985 white Lamborghini Countach, two of 'em

[Chorus: Kanye West]
I need a slow motion video right now
'Cause I'm movin' in slow motion, slow motion
Feelin' like Hype Williams shootin' a nigga
Shootin' a nigga, hey, hey, hey
I need a slow motion video right now, ayy, ayy

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Damn, baby, pussy can't be your only hustle
Unless you bad as Naomi Russell
I mean a lot of niggas got money
So basically, Russell ain't the only Russell
Russell Brand, Russell Crowe
Zero, zero, zero, zero, a whole lot of Os
What you after, actor money?
You in line behind currency, yeah, you after money
Bulletproof condom when I'm in these hoes
Got staples on my dick, why? Fuckin' centerfolds
And I swear to God they so cold
Got a nigga in Miami wearing winter clothes
I got my fur on, feelin' like Jerome
She got her fur too, we get our his and her on
Don't look at the jewelry, or get your blur on
Too close, you comatose, so dope, you overdose
Get back, you overclose, oh no
Whole hood loved son and then I blessed 'em with that Polo
Niggas was making music and then my first solo
Collo Drolo,
sponsored by Manolo
She got Zeppi Notos ready for some photos
Yeah, and I'm cold, bitch, please try to keep the door closed
Lanvin thousand-dollar tee with no logos
Let me show you what I see when my eyes closed

[Chorus: Jay Z & Kanye West ]
Take it how you want 'til a nigga dead
'Til then, I'm the illest motherfucker alive
Yeah, yeah, uh-huh
Whole world aiming at a nigga head
Because I'm the illest motherfucker alive
Yeah, yeah, uh-huh, hol' up

[Verse 2: Jay Z]
King Hov, I'm exactly what the fuck you think
Eleven in a row, Bill Russell rings
Michael Jordan swag, y'all think Michael Jordan bad
Nigga, I got five more rings than Michael Jordan had
Elvis has left the building, now I'm on the Beatles ass
Niggas hear Watch the Throne, yeah, it's like the Beatles back
Bey-Bey my Yoko Ono, Rih-Rih complete the family
Imagine how that's gon' look front row at the Grammys
Fuck your awards like Eddie Murphy's couch
The Roc is in the building, we should have stayed in the house
I don't even know what we doing here
Seems to me a complete waste of gear
Just a fuckin' waste of time, a complete waste of bottles
Niggas' fashion is weak, they be wastin' all the models
Got the oversized Rollie, let me show thee how to do it
When I say it then you see it, it ain't only in the music
Basquiats, Warhols, serving as my muses
My house like a museum so I see 'em when I'm peeing
Usually you have this much taste, you European
That's the end of that way of thinking, nigga, never again
Know when to leave when the heat is coming, I learnt that
This is where DeNiro would be if he ain't turn back
Fuck Sosa, this Hova, this is real life
This is what the ending of Scarface should feel like

[Outro: Kanye West & Kid Cudi ]
I need a slow motion video right now
'Cause I'm movin' in slow motion, slow motion
( I'm moving in slow motion, slow motion )
Feelin' like Hype Williams shootin' a nigga
( I'm moving in slow motion, slow motion )
Shootin' a nigga, hey, hey, hey
( I'm moving in slow motion, slow motion )
I need a slow motion video right now
( I'm moving in slow motion, slow motion )
Ayy, ayy
( I'm moving in slow motion, slow motion )

[Produced by Kanye West]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Beanie Sigel & Shorty ]
1-900-Hustler, Sigel, holla at your boy
What's the problem shorty?
Yeah whattup man
I'm the only nigga from Brooklyn out here man
I'm tryin to lock the spot down, holla at me
Alright; hold on - Hova, line one

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Here's a couple of suggestions of how you could finesse it
You find a dude in town, you send him a short message
Say, "Hey, I'm new in town, I don't know my way around
But I got some soft white that's sure to come back brown
I get that butter all night
Cause most niggas don't know a brick from a bite
They keep buying hard white
And if you free tomorrow night we can meet and discuss price
FYI, I never been robbed in my life"
Or --
you find a chick, shit, you hole up in her crib and
Let her introduce you 'round town like her man
Shake hands, make friends like it's all innocent
Then -- before they look up you sellin the town cook-up
Or -- gorilla pimp, come up on that killer shit
Take a nigga brick, smack him, then you sell it back to them
Still there Brooklyn?

[Shorty]
Yeah yeah that's gangsta, I think I'mma roll with that one

[Jay-Z]
Make out a check for eight hundred dollars
Jigga Man, holla {*click*, *dial tone*}

[Beans] 1-900-Hustler, Sigel, holla at your boy

[Chris] Whassup Sig? This Chris out the Young Gunz dog

[Beans] Whattup?

[Chris] I'm ready to smash these niggas in the rap game
The niggas takin too long with that advance money and shit

[Beans] Yeah?

[Chris] Talkin 'bout chill, chill don't pay the bills

[Beans] Yeah I feel that

[Chris] I know you well connected dog
Let me holla at somebody real

[Beans] Aight look, I got the perfect person for you, hold on
Bleek, line two

[Verse 2: Memphis Bleek]
Listen shorty, you wanna roll just give me the word
I ain't got time for a sentence all that shit is absurd
You find a strip first, if you don't cook find a bitch first
If you don't hustle find a nigga who pitch first
You new in town, no red and blue in town, that's gangs
Don't get fresh, let 'em know you small change
The strong move quiet, the weak start riots
We know you got a brick but sell 'em twenties til they tired
With no credit, you know you sick with that gotta eat fetish
And other niggas who gettin it - DEAD IT
Make 'em an offer that they can't refuse
He resists, box him in, til he can't be moved
Here's the rules: chop it, bag it, stash it, stack it
Get in, get out - that's a O.G.'s classic
900-Hustler, you pass it around
Wanna speak to me direct, hit extension trey-pound, I'm out
{*click*, *dial tone*}

[Beans] 1-900-Hustler, Sigel, holla at your dog
What seem to be the problem young boy?

[MDKHN] Yo whattup, this Murder Def Kill Homicide Nigga - I got two bricks...

[Beans] Yo, watch your fuckin mouth, man!

[MDKHN] Fuck you mean watch my mouth, nigga? Been on hold for about two hours, nigga!

[Beans] I don't give a fuck how long you been on the line; shut the fuck up! Matter of fact, hold on...
{*click*, *classical type music plays*}

[MDKHN] I know this nigga ain't just put... put me on hold, man!
This bullshit-ass elevator music, man

[Beans] Free, pick up line five

[Verse 3: Freeway]
First things first, watch what you say out your mouth
When you talkin on the phone to hus-tlers
Never play the house, think drought, keep heat in the couch
When you sittin in the presence of cus-tomers
Never hold out, pull out, throw heat and be out
If a nigga ever think that he touchin-ya
Lay low, get cake, whip all over the state
Stash dough, whip yay with, right amount of bake
(ho!)
Nigga too close went right around his place (yo!)
You stoppin dough when we clutching the gas
I know you heard "Friend or Foe," this ain't different from that
Make sure you got your four-four and he can slip if he like
Young,
Jon Benet daughter
missin tonight and yo
Until you up stay away from them dice and whores
Three smuts, two straights and a dyke
Cause boys want three bundles two streaks and pipe for sure
And if it's tight, then he might come back for more
Nine and four, everyday back and forth
Winter to summer, 1-900-Hustler
Pass the number til you're stackin balls
Tell you how to weigh shit wet and package more
I take cash or write the check out to F-R
Two E's, that'll be two G's
And forget my money I'm comin for all your ki's, nigga
{*click*, *dial tone*}

[Beans] 1-900-Hustler, Sigel, holla at your boy dog

[MDKHN] Yo whattup young, you put me on hold earlier man what happened, dun?

[Beans] Yeah you stupid motherfucker {MDKHN: Watch your mouth man}
You talkin all reckless on the phone

[Beans] Fuck you think this the
Get-Indicted-Hotline or somethin motherfucker?

[MDKHN] Yo, my bad man, my bad
I know I was talkin reckless earlier about them two chickens
You get it, you know, two chickens? But listen

[Beans] What?

[MDKHN] Just tell me how to move this shit man
I'm pushin hardly half a wing back nigga, holla

[Beans]
Get a job, holla at Perdue!
{*click*, *dial tone*}
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Benji B, Daft Punk, Kanye West & Mike Dean]

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Yeezy season approachin'
Fuck whatever y'all been hearin'
Fuck what, fuck whatever y'all been wearin'
A monster about to come alive again
Soon as I pull up and park the Benz
We get this bitch shaking like Parkinson's
Take my number and lock it in
Indian hair, no moccasins
It's too many hoes in this house of sin
Real nigga back in the house again
Black Timbs all on your couch again
Black dick all in your spouse again
And I know she like chocolate men
She got more niggas off than Cochran,
hah!

[Refrain: Kanye West]
On sight
On sight

[Bridge: Kanye West]
How much do I not give a fuck?
Let me show you right now 'fore you give it up
How much do I not give a fuck?
Let me show you right now 'fore you give it up

[Interlude: Holy Name of Mary Choral Family]
Oh, He'll give us what we need
It may not be what we want

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Baby girl tryna get a nut
And her girl tryna give it up
Chopped 'em both down
Don't judge 'em, Joe Brown
One last announcement
No sports bra, let's keep it bouncin'
Everybody wanna live at the top of the mountain
Took her to the 'Bleau, she tried to sip the fountain
That's when David Grutman kicked her out
But I got her back in and put my dick in her mouth

[Refrain: Kanye West]
On sight
On sight

[Bridge: Kanye West]
Uh-huh
Uh-huh
Uh-huh
Uh-huh

[Outro: Kanye West]
Right now
I need right now
Right now
I need, I need right now
Right now
I need, I need right now
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
euphoria (Live at Kia Forum) Lyrics

[Intro - E-40]
Tonight has been a beautiful sight to see so far; sometimes all it take is one domino to fall to get the momentum going, and the west coast needed this reminder. And I'm proud of us in this moment, how fitting that it’s on Juneteenth! This is a victory lap, y'all know what I wore. But man, as history has shown, it's always been a fire and a certain kind of spark coming up out of Compton, especially. Y’all always rise up from the ashes and rise to the occasion. You love when they count you out

[Part I]

[Verse]
Them super powers gettin' neutralized, I can only watch in silence
The voice artist we once knew is lookin' paranoid and now is spiralin'
You're movin' just likе a degeneratе, every antic is feelin' distasteful
I calculate you're not as calculated, I can even predict your angle
Fabricatin’ stories on the family front, ’cause you heard
Mr. Morale
A pathetic master manipulator, I can smell them lies on you now
You're not a rap artist, you a scam artist with the hopes of being accepted
Tommy Hilfiger stood out, but FUBU never had been your collection
I make music that electrify ’em, you make music that pacify 'em
I can double down on that line, but spare you this time
Random acts of kindness
Know you a master manipulator and habitual liar too
But don't tell no lie about me, and I won't tell truths ’bout you

[Part II]

[Intro]
(Shoo, shoo, shoo)
(Shoo, shoo, shoo)
Bee, bee, bee, bee, bee, bee

[Verse 1]
Yeah, I'm out the way, yeah, I'm low, okay
Yeah, the island right here's remote, okay
Thinkin' about no reaper, nigga, I'm reapin' what I sow, okay
Benjamin and a Jackson's all in my house like I'm
Joe, okay
Hellcat, made his homeboys and them type sell they soul, okay
Everybody wanna be demon 'til they get chipped by a throwaway
And I might do a show a day, once a lame, always a lame
Oh, you thought the money, the power, the fame would make you go away?
Have you ever played have-you-ever? Okay, nigga, let's play
Have you ever walked your enemy down like with a poker face?
Have you ever paid five hundred thou' like to an open case?
Well, I have, and I failed at both, but I came out
straight
I hate when a rapper talk about guns, then somebody die, they turn into nuns
Hop online, "Pray for my city"
He fakin' for likes and digital hugs
Daddy a killer, he wanna be junior, must've forgot the shit that they done
Dementia must run in his family, get shaky
I'll park his son
The very first time I shot me a Drac', the homie had told me to aim it this way
I didn't point down enough
Today, I'll show you I learned from those mistakes
Somebody had said that you got a ring, God, I'm ready to double the wage
I'd rather do that than let a Canadian nigga make 'Pac turn in his grave
Cutthroat business, you got shit twisted
What is it? The braids?
I hurt your feelings? You don't wanna work with me no more? Okay
It's three GOATs left, and I seen two of them kissin' and huggin' on stage
I love 'em to death, and in eight bars, I'll explain that phrase, huh
It's nothin' nobody can tell me
I don't wanna talk on no celly
You know I got language barriers
It's no accent you can sell me
Yeah, Cole and Aubrey know I'm a selfish nigga, the crown is heavy
I pray they my real friends, if not, I'm YNW Melly
I don't like you poppin' shit at Pharrell, for him, I inherit the beef
Ayy, fuck all that pushin' P, let me see you push a T
You better off spinnin' again on him, you think about pushin' me
He's Terrence Thornton, I'm Terence Crawford, yeah, I'm whoopin' feet
We ain't gotta get personal, this a friendly fade
You should keep it that way
Know some shit about niggas, make Gunna Wunna look like a saint
Ain't been about critics, not about gimmicks, not about who the greatest
Always been about love and hate, now let me say I'm the biggest
I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk, I hate the way that—
You thought, you want that feature request, you know that we got some shit
I even hate when you say the word
"nigga," but that's just me, I guess
Some shit just cringeworthy, it ain't even gotta get—
Still love when you see success, everything with me is blessed
Keep makin' me dance, wavin' my hand, and there won't be no threat
I'm knowin' they call you The Boy, where is the man? I ain't seen him yet
Give me Tupac ring back, and I might give you a little respect
Remember? Ayy, Top Dawg
Crush my middle name, and still, they walk around with that—
I don't like when you— only you like bein'
Yachty can't give you no swag neither, I don't give a— hold up

[Verse 2]
Ayy, Top Dawg, who the fuck they think they playin' with?
Crush my middle name, and you walked outta that plane, bitch
I'm allergic to the lame shit, only you like bein' famous
Yachty can't give you no swag neither
I don't give a fuck 'bout who you
hang with
I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk, I hate the way that you dress
Surprised you wanted that feature request, you know that we got some shit to address
I even hate when you say the word "nigga," that's just me, I guess
Some shit just cringeworthy, it ain't even gotta be—
Still love when you see success, everything with me is blessed
Keep makin' me dance, wavin' my hand, it won't be no threat
I'm knowin' they call you The Boy, but where is a man? I ain't seen him yet
Matter fact, I ain't even bleed him yet, can I bleed him? (Bet)
When I see you stand by Sexyy Red, I believe you see two bad bitches
I believe you don't like women, real competition, you might pop ass with 'em
Let's speak on percentage, show me your splits, I'll make sure I double back with ya
You were signed to a nigga that's signed to a nigga that was said he was signed to
that nigga
Try cease and desist on the "Like That" record?
Oh, what? You ain't—
"Back To Back," I—
I'ma get back to that, for the record
Why would I turn around, tryna run on niggas?
Y'all thinkin' my life is—
That's ho shit, I got a son to raise, but I can see you don't know nothin' 'bout
that
Wakin' him up (Know nothin' 'bout that)
Then makin' him pray (Know nothin' 'bout that)
Then givin' him truth to walk through life like day by day (Know nothin' 'bout that)
Teachin' him code, and honor, and discipline, listen, man (You don't know nothin' 'bout that)
Givin' him truth, tell him what God's considerin' (You don't know nothin' 'bout that)
Ain't twenty-v-one, it's one-v-twenty if I gotta smack niggas that write with you
Yeah, bring 'em out too, I'll clean 'em out too, tell BEAM that he better stay right with you
Am I battlin' ghost or AI?
Nigga feelin' like Joel Osteen
Funny, he was in a film called A.I
And my sixth sense tellin' me to off him
I'ma blick niggas all in they coffin
Yeah, OV-ho niggas is dick rider
They run to America to imitate heritage
They can't imitate this
violence
What I learned, these niggas don't like the West Coast
And I'm fine with it, I'll push the line with it
Pick a nigga off one at a time with it
We can be on a two-hour time difference
Don't speak on the family
It can get deep in your family, crodie
Talk about me and my family, crodie?
Someone gon' bleed in your family, crodie
I be at New Ho King eatin' fried rice with a dip sauce and a blammy
Tell me you're cheesin', fam
We can do this right now on the camera
Ayy, fuck y'all niggas, I don't trust y'all niggas
I wave one finger and thump y'all niggas like
Field goal, punt y'all niggas, they punk y'all niggas, nobody never took my food
Whoever that's fuckin' with him
And fuck the industry too
If you take it there, I'm takin' it further
That's something you don't wanna do

[Outro]
We don't wanna hear you say
"nigga" no more
We don't wanna hear you say
"nigga" no more
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Verse 1: Kanye West]
God is King, we the soldiers
Ultrabeam out the solar
When I get to Heaven's gates
I ain’t gotta peek over
Keepin' perfect composure
When I scream at the chauffeur
I ain't mean, I’m just focused
I ain't mean, I'm just focused
Pour the lean out slower
God is clean out of soda
Before the flood, people judge
They did the same thing to Noah
Everybody wanted
Yandhi
Then Jesus Christ did the laundry
They say the week start on Monday
But the strong start on Sunday
Won't be in bondage to any man
John 8:33
We the descendants of Abraham
Ye should be made free
John 8:36
To whom the Son set free is free indeed
He saved a wretch like me

[Chorus: Sunday Service Choir]
Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah
Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah
Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah
Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah
Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah
Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah
Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah
Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah
Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah
Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah
Hallelujah, He is wonderful

[Verse 2: Kanye West & Sunday Service Choir ]
If you woke, then wake up
With Judas, kiss and make up
Even with the bitter cup
Forgave my brothers that drank up
Did everything but gave up
Stab my back, I can't front
Still, we win, we prayed up
Even when we die, we raise up
( Hallelujah )
Ain't no wantin', no, we need it
The powers that be done been greedy
We need ours by this evening
No white flag or no treaty
We got the product, we got the tools
We got the minds, we got the youth
We goin' wild, we on the loose
People is lying, we are the truth ( Hallelujah )
Everything old shall now become new
The leaves’ll be green, bearing the fruit
Love God and our neighbor, as written in Luke
The army of God and we are the truth
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Arca, Kanye West, Mike Dean, and Noah Goldstein]

[Intro: Justin Vernon]
I can't hold my liquor
But this man can't handle his weed
Dark and lonely now
On Chicago, south of town
I'm onto Indiana
I heard it in the radio now

[Refrain: Chief Keef]
I can't handle no liquor
But these bitches can't handle me
I can't control my niggas
And my niggas, they can't control me
You say you know me, my nigga
But you really just know the old me

[Verse: Kanye West]
Bitch, I'm back out my coma,
wakin' up on your sofa
When I parked my Range Rover, slightly scratched your Corolla
Okay, I smashed your Corolla,
I'm hangin' on a hangover
Five years, we been over,
ask me why I came over
One more hit and I can own you, one more fuck and I can own you
One cold night in October,
pussy had me floatin', feel like Deepak Chopra
Pussy had me dead, might call 2Pac over
Yeezy's all on your sofa, these the Red Octobers
Still ain't learn me no manners
You love me when I ain't sober, you love me when I'm hungover
Even when I blow doja
Then her auntie came over
Skinny bitch with no shoulders,
tellin' you that I'm bogus
Bitch, you don't even know us
"Baby girl, he's a loner, baby girl, he's a loner"
Late-night organ donor, after that, he disown you
After that, he's just hopeless, soulmates become soulless
"When it's over, it's over," and, bitch, I'm back out my coma

[Chorus: Justin Vernon & Kanye West ]
Callin' up your uncle's place ( I'm not enough, enough )
Shit's all over the place ( Enough, enough, oh-oh-oh )
I don't hear your phone
Oh, I'ma phone home

[Refrain: Chief Keef]
I can't handle no liquor
But these bitches can't handle me
I can't control my niggas
And my niggas, they can't control me
You say you know me, my nigga
But you really just know the old me

[Bridge: Justin Vernon & Kanye West ]
I heard you need a new fad ( A new girl, a new girl )
I heard you need a new stack ( A new girl, a new girl )
I heard you need a new phone ( A new girl, a new girl )
I know your 'rents ain't be home ( A new girl, a new girl )

[Chorus: Justin Vernon & Kanye West ]
Callin' up your uncle's place ( A new girl, a new girl )
Shit's all over the place ( A new girl, a new girl )
I don't hear your phone
Oh, I'ma phone home

[Instrumental Outro]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Swizz Beatz]

[Intro: Jay-Z & DMX ]
Turn the lights all the—turn the lights all the way down (Yeah)
What? (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Uh-huh, g'yeah (Uh)
C'mon, uh-huh, such a deep flow ( Grrr… )
C'mon, yeah, c'mon, yo, yo

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
J-A-Y, I flow sick (Uh)
Fuck all y'all haters, blow dick
I spits the game for those that throw bricks
Money, cash, hoes; money, cash, chicks (What?)
Sex, murder, and mayhem – romance for the street (Uh-huh)
Only wife of mines is a life of crime, and since
Life's a bitch in mini-skirts and big chest
How can I not flirt with death?
That's life's enigma, long as life within us
We gon' sin a lot and pray that Christ forgive us – fuck it
Ice the wrist and raise the price on these niggas
Y'all can't floss on my level
I'll invite you all to get with us, if you ball it's glitter
When I go, on the Hall of Players wall, my picture (Uh-huh)
If you get close enough, you can read the scripture
It reads: "Money, Cash, Hoes – How real was that nigga?" (What)

[Chorus: Jay-Z & DMX ]
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes ( What?! )
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes ( Uh! )
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes ( C'mon! )
Money, cash, hoes, ( What?! ) hoes, ( What?! ) hoes ( What?! )
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes ( What?! )
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes ( Uh! )
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes ( C'mon! )
Money, cash, hoes, ( What?! ) hoes, ( What?! ) hoes ( What?! )

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Yeah – the flavors' robust, Platinum and Gold touch
Yeah, I rap now – fast money done slowed up
(Uh)
Niggas try to stop Jay-Z, to no luck
Roc-A-Fella forever, – CEO, what! (What?)
Us the villains? Fuck your feelings
While y'all playa hate, we in the upper millions
What's the dealings? (Huh!)
It's like New York's been soft, ever since–
Snoop came through and crushed the buildings
I'm trying to restore the feelings; fuck the law, keep killing
More money, more cash, more chilling
I know they gon' criticize the hook on this song (Tah)
Like I give a fuck – I'm just a crook on a song
Bed-Stuy, Brook-Nam
–took on the world
Shit, I led a life you can write a book on
'Sex, Murder, and Mayhem: Romance for the Street'
Man, and I tell ya, it'll be the best-seller, what!

[Chorus: Jay-Z & DMX ]
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes ( What?! )
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes ( Uh! )
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes ( C'mon! )
Money, cash, hoes, ( What?! ) hoes, ( What?! ) hoes ( What?! )
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes ( What?! )
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes ( Uh! )
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes ( C'mon! )
Money, cash, hoes, ( What?! ) hoes, ( What?! ) hoes ( What?! )

[Verse 3: DMX]
D–M–X, and my dogs bite
(Ugh!)
Jigga, my nigga – rhyme all night (Ugh!)
Thugs for life
–we're nice with this rap shit
Let 'em go, and I bet they know what'll happen
When we clap shit (C'mon)
Acting–like we owed 'em something
Then we showed 'em something!
Talkin' greezy–I think they found 'em down the road or something? (Wooh!)
Fuckin' with a mad man–in a bad mood
Is like fucking with a
mad dog
that wants mad food
And the only thing that's stopping him is you (WHAT?!)
The only thing that he'll be dropping–is you (WHAT?!)
Chomping–in two (COME ON!)
Then he drop it to Clue, and the response from the street:
"This is one dog that loves raw meat!" (Woo!)
But getting back to– just 'cause I, love my niggas
I shed blood–for my niggas
Let a nigga holla, "Where my nigga'?"
All I'ma hear is, "Right here, my nigga!"

[Chorus: Jay-Z & DMX ]
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes ( What?! )
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes ( Uh! )
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes ( C'mon! )
Money, cash, hoes, ( What?! ) hoes, ( What?! ) hoes ( What?! )
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes ( What?! )
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes ( Uh! )
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes ( C'mon! )
Money, cash, hoes, ( What?! ) hoes, ( What?! ) hoes ( What?! )

[Outro: Jay-Z]
Roc-A-Fella shit
Uh huh, uh huh, Ruff Ryders
(Pa-pause, pause)
My nigga Swizz
Uh huh, uh huh
Don't stop, beatch (Uh)
Uh huh, yeah
Respect the game, yo

[Interlude: Pain In Da Ass, imitating 'Goodfellas']
Okay, okay, okay...
So now the guy's working for Jay-Z
Any problems, he can go to Jay-Z
Trouble writing a song? He can go to Jay-Z
Beef with his label? With other rappers? He can call Jay-Z
But now the guy's gotta come up with Jay-Z's money every week –
No matter
what
!
"Ain't selling any records? Fuck you! Pay me"
"Oh, you want me in your video? Fuck you! Pay me"
"No one's coming to your shows, huh? Fuck you! Pay me"
And then what do you do?
When you can't borrow another dollar from the label?
You can't sell 'em the single in the stores?
Ya light a match.... ya blow the joint {*explosion*}
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Francis and the Lights & Kanye West ]
I know, I know, I know, I know, know
I know, I know, I know, I know, know
I, I know it, I know it

[Spoken Word: Kanye West]
The most beautiful thoughts are always besides the darkest
Today, I seriously thought about killing you
I contemplated, premeditated murder
And I think about killing myself
And I love myself way more than I love you, so…
Today, I thought about killing you, premeditated murder
You'd only care enough to kill somebody you love
The most beautiful thoughts are always besides the darkest
( Mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhmm )
Just say it out loud to see how it feels
People say "don't say this, don't say that"
Just say it out loud, just to see how it feels
Weigh all the options, nothing's off the table
Today, I thought about killing you, premeditated murder
I think about killing myself
And I, I love myself way more than I love you
The most beautiful thoughts are always besides the darkest
( Mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhm—mhmm )
I think this is the part where I'm supposed to say somethin' good to compensate it so it doesn't come off bad
But sometimes I think really bad things
Really, really, really bad things
And I love myself way more than I love you
See, if I was tryin' to relate it to more people
I'd probably say I'm struggling with loving myself
Because that seems like a common theme
But that's not the case here
I love myself way more than I love you
And I think about killing myself
So, best believe, I thought about killing you today
Premeditated murder

[Verse: Kanye West]
I called up my loved ones, I called up my cousins
I called up the Muslims, said I'm 'bout to go dumb
Get so bright, it's no sun, get so loud, I hear none
Screamed so loud, got no lungs, hurt so bad, I go numb
Time to bring in the drums, that prra-pa-pa-pum
Set the NewTone on 'em, set the nuke off on 'em
I need Coke with no rum, I taste coke on her tongue
I don't joke with no one, they'll say "He died so young"
I done had a bad case of too many bad days
Got too many bad traits, used the floor for ashtrays
I don't do shit halfway, I'ma clear the cache
I'ma make my name last, put that on my last name
It's a different type of rules that we obey
Ye, Ye, Ye season, nigga, we Old Bay
We was all born to die, nigga, DOA
Niggas say they hero, mm, I don't see no cape
Mm, I don't see no, mm, yeah, I don't see no, mm, mm
If I wasn't shinin' so hard, wouldn't be no shade
Buckwheat-ass nigga, it's gon' be o-tay
Sorry, but I chose not to be no slave
Young nigga shit, nigga, we don't age
I thought I was past my Deebo ways
Even when I went broke, I ain't break
How you gon' hate? Nigga, we go way back
To when I had the braids and you had the wave cap
Drop a pin for the fade and I'm on my way ASAP
Don't get socked in the mouth, you know homie don't play that
Pay the fire marshal bill 'cause this shit done got way packed
They wanna see me go ape (Ape, ape)
All you gotta do is speak on Ye
All you gotta do is speak on Ye
Don't get your tooth chipped like Frito-Lay
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Kelly Price (Jay-Z)]
Throughout my life (uh huh uh huh uh)
No matter what I've done (right)
You've been merciful and your love endureth (yeah)
Through all things (yeah)
For that I am eternally grateful

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Since my date of birth bought you nothing but hurt
Play those video games, stole change from ya purse
Sat on the cold court bench 'til I was arraigned in ya skirt
Saw the pain in ya face, still you maintained a smirk
All you did was motivate me, "Don't let 'em hold you back"
What I do? I turned around and I sold you crack
I was a bastard for that, still I'm drowning in shame
Just remember one thing now: you're not to blame
You was newly separated tryin' to escape ya world
And through my thirst I didn't help you I just made things worse
I hated me and everybody that created crack
Had me thinkin' the newest kicks and the latest gat
Still haven't apologized, so please play this back
While I try to come to terms with such a heinous act
You know, in more than one way, cocaine numbs the brain
All I did was think about how the funds once came
Then I ran across this memory and it stung the brain
How can you ever destroy the beauty from which one came?
That's a savage, you're the reason
Why me and these beats make a marriage
Why I rhyme above average, and I ain't shit
Glad you got yourself together, no thanks to me
Strong and beautiful, the way thangs should be
You must love me

[Chorus: Kelly Price]
You must love me...
Say that you love me
All I know say that you must love me
Ohh yeah

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
We used to fight every night, but I never would suffer
Just smile, my big brother's tryna make me tougher
As we grew, fussing and fighting continued
As I plundered through ya stuff and snuck ya clothes to school
Got intense, real intense as we got older
Never believed it would lead to me poppin' one in your shoulder
"Where my rings?" Knew you had it 'cause you took too long
As Mickey, Annie and the girl that bought it looked on
Huffin' and puffin', gun in my hand, told you "Step outside"
Hoping you said no, but you hurt my pride
Made our way down the steps, maybe you thought it was just a threat
Or maybe ya life was just that crazy, and you was beggin' for death
I'd try to justify this in my young mind
But the adrenaline and my ego hurt combined
Drove me berserk, saw the devil in your eyes
High off more than weed
Confused, I just closed my young eyes and squeezed [ gunshot ]
What a sound! Opened my eyes just in time
To see ya stumbling to the ground
Damn, what the fuck I done now?
Runnin' around in a circle, thinking I'm assed out
Hot gun burnin' my waist,
ran straight to Jaz' house
Like a stranger, damn, I just shot my nigga
And ran off into the night as if it was not my nigga
Left the scene, how could I go out that way?
Still you asked to see me in the hospital the next day
You must love me

[Chorus: Kelly Price]
What after all the wrong I've done
You must love me...
I know you must
You must love me...

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Everything in my power and within my frame
To protect you from this life and keep you away from the game
But you was one of the few people that I can trust
And the fact of the matter I slang these pies for us
You put the pressure on me daily, rarely would you let it go
Was a thousand and one times I had to tell you no
But it was one of those days when nobody was around
And I need an emergency trip out of town
Searched my mental Rolodex for all the numbers I know
As you stared in my face, asking me could you go
And my greed said "Send her, everything'll go smooth
Just tell her what to do and everything'll go through"
Strapped your body with them thangs as you boarded the plane
Couldn't explain the strange feeling that I caught in the vein
I'm thinking, "Why would I send you when I knew it ain't right?"
I'm thinking, "What would make you sacrifice ya life?"
You must've love me

[Chorus: Kelly Price]
( "You must love me" repeats in background )
After everything that I've done wrong
I know inside you must love me
I know that you love me
You showed me I know it
I know
Say that you love me
Say that you love me
I know you must love me
Oh yes you do
Inside I know it
You've always shown it
You love me yea yeah
Oh yeah
I know that you love me
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Oh My God Lyrics
This track, produced by Just Blaze, samples Genya Ravan’s version of “Whipping Post”, an Allman Brothers Band original.

[Intro]
You are tuned in
To the greatest
Young H-O-V
Hahahaha
Let's go get 'em again, Just
(Oh my god, Hov)

[Verse 1]
Pops sped off, left mom with a bundle of
Joy, ya boy smacked dab in the jungle
Took tunnel vision, but he would soon become a mogul
But first he brought that crack back like a yo-yo
Don't "Play With My Yo-Yo," loco niggas in the hood
First niggas hating on me, it's all good
I'm buying things like my shit don't stink, Gucci links and Gucci gooses
Watching too many movies, bulletproof this
Had some nerve, like pulling tooth'ses
When you're 16, coming through roofless
Yeah, your boy "Ruthless," like Ice Cube was
Turn the whole city on, I'm the new plug
So if this is your first time hearing this
You're about to experience someone so cold
A journey seldom seen, the American dream
From the bottom to the top of the globe, they call me Hov

[Chorus]
They gunning for me, wanna see me fall
You know my story, I've been through it all
Night's I've felt like dying, but I ain't crying
What didn't kill me, made me strong as iron
Iron, iron (Oh my God, Hov)

[Verse 2]
Now I'm knee deep in the concrete
Like a street's made a quicksand, it's beyond deep
I got a "chemical romance"
,
two left feet
So now I dance with the devil,
please G-O-D
Save me from the "black parade", release me
My life like Grand Theft Auto, PSP
I'm in that Volvo, puffing on that la-la
Ducking from the po-po, every time I drive by
Say hi to the bad guy, all my momma's friends was like
"Mmm, mmm, mmm" would you just look at him
So sorry dear momma for your embarrassment
But give me a couple years and pray I'll never sin again
Got all these rival dealers trying to do me in
And all these little rappers don't know how prepared for them I am (I am)
I'm feeling like the world's against me Lord
Call me crazy, but strangely I love the odds

[Chorus]
They gunning for me, wanna see me fall
You know my story, I've been through it all
Night's I've felt like dying, but I ain't crying
What didn't kill me, made me strong as iron
Iron, iron (Oh my god, Hov)

[Verse 3]
Now these baby ballers, toy rappers
Callin' out my name to bring the boy backwards
Shooting air-balls at the basket
What you call money, I pay more in taxes
I got crowned king down in Africa
Out in Nigeria, do you have any idea?
Sold out shows out in Seoul, Korea
Jo'burg, Dublin, Tanzania
Lunch with Mandela, dinner with Cavalli
Still got time to give water out to everybody
Everybody, fall back
Y'all rapping, I'm re-enacting
CNN – you see it's accurate
ESPN – see me in action
Monday nights, when the half ends
When you 10 years in, holla back then

[Chorus]
They gunning for me, wanna see me fall
You know my story, I've been through it all
Night's I've felt like dying, but I ain't crying
What didn't kill me, made me strong as iron
Iron, iron (Oh my god, Hov)

[Outro]
Good Lord, good Lord, good Lord
Good Lord, I said I feeeeeeeeeeeel like I'm dyiiiiiiiing
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Fuzzy Jones]
Well, it is a weepin' and a moanin' and a gnashin' of teeth
It is a weepin' and a moanin' and a gnashin' of teeth
It is a—when it comes to my sound which is the champion sound
Believe, believe

[Chorus: YB, Big Sean & Fuzzy Jones ]
O-o-o-o-o-okay, Lamborghini Mercy
Your chick, she so thirsty
I-I-I-I-I'm in that two-seat Lambo
With your girl, she tryna jerk me ( Believe )
O-o-o-o-o-okay, Lamborghini Mercy
Your chick, she so thirsty
I-I-I-I-I'm in that two-seat Lambo
With your girl, she tryna jerk me
O-o-o-o-o-okay, Lamborghini Mercy ( Swerve )
Your chick, she so thirsty ( Swerve )
I-I-I-I-I'm in that two-seat Lambo
With your girl, she tryna jerk me ( Woah , believe )
O-o-o-o-o-okay, Lamborghini Mercy
Your chick, she so thirsty ( Boy )
I-I-I-I-I'm in that two-seat Lambo ( Boy )
With your girl, she tryna jerk me

[Verse 1: Big Sean & Kanye West ]
Okay, drop it to the floor, make that ass shake (Shake, shake)
Woah, make the ground move: that's an ass quake
Built a house up on that ass: that's an ass-state
Roll–roll–roll my weed on it: that's an ass tray
Say, Ye, say, Ye, don't we do this every day–day? ( Huh? )
I work them long nights, long nights to get a payday ( Huh? )
Finally got paid, now I need shade and a vacay
A
nd niggas still hatin'
So much hate, I need a AK (AK)
Now we out in Paris, yeah, I'm Perrierin'
White girls politickin', that's that Sarah Palin
Get–get–get–get–get–gettin' hot, Californicatin'
I give her that D, 'cause that's where I was born and raised in

[Chorus: YB, Big Sean & Fuzzy Jones ]
O-o-o-o-o-okay, Lamborghini Mercy ( Swerve )
Your chick, she so thirsty ( Swerve )
I-I-I-I-I'm in that two-seat Lambo ( Swerve )
With your girl, she tryna jerk me ( Swerve , believe )
O-o-o-o-o-okay, Lamborghini Mercy ( Swerve )
Your chick, she so thirsty ( Swerve )
I-I-I-I-I'm in that two-seat Lambo ( Swerve )
With your girl, she tryna jerk me ( Swerve )

[Post-Chorus: Fuzzy Jones & Big Sean ]
Well, it is a weepin' and a moanin' ( Swerve )
And a gnashin' of teeth ( Swerve )
It is a weepin' and a mournin' ( Swerve )
And a gnashin' of teeth ( Swerve )
It is a—when it comes to my sound ( Swerve )
Which is the champion sound ( Swerve )
Believe, believe ( Swerve )
Believe, believe ( Swerve )

[Verse 2: Pusha T]
Yuugh!
It's prime time, my top back, this pimp game, ho
I'm red leather, this cocaine, I'm Rick James, ho
I'm bill-droppin', Ms. Pac-Man, this pill-poppin' ass ho
I'm poppin' too,
these blue dolphins need two coffins
All she want is some heel money
All she need is some bill money
He take his time, he counts it out
I weighs it up, that's real money
Check the neck, check the wrist
Them heads turnin': that's exorcist
My Audemars like Mardi Gras
That's Swiss time, and that's excellence
Two-door preference
Roof gone, George Jefferson
That white frost on that pound cake
So your Duncan Hines is irrelevant, woo
Lambo Murciélago
She go wherever I go
Wherever we go, we do it pronto, it's like—

[Chorus: YB, Big Sean & Fuzzy Jones ]
O-o-o-o-o-okay, Lamborghini Mercy ( Swerve )
Your chick, she so thirsty ( Swerve )
I-I-I-I-I'm in that two-seat Lambo ( Swerve )
With your girl, she tryna jerk me ( Swerve , believe )
O-o-o-o-o-okay, Lamborghini Mercy ( Swerve )
Your chick, she so thirsty ( Swerve )
I-I-I-I-I'm in that two-seat Lambo ( Swerve )
With your girl, she tryna jerk me ( Swerve )

[Post-Chorus: Fuzzy Jones & Big Sean ]
Well, it is a weepin' and a moanin' ( Swerve )
And a gnashin' of teeth ( Swerve )
It is a weepin' and a mournin' ( Swerve )
And a gnashin' of teeth ( Swerve )
It is a—when it comes to my sound ( Swerve )
Which is the champion sound ( Swerve )
Believe, believe ( Swerve )
Believe ( Swerve )

[Bridge: Fuzzy Jones]
Well, it is a weepin' and a moanin'
And a gnashin' of teeth in the dancehall
And who no have teeth gwan rub pon dem gums
Cuh when time it comes to my sound
Which is the champion sound
The bugle has blown fi many times
And it still have one more time left
Cuh the amount of stripe weh deh pon our shoulder

[Verse 3: Kanye West & 2 Chainz ]
Let the suicide doors up
I threw suicides on the tour bus
I threw suicides on the private jet
You know what that mean, I'm fly to death
I step in Def Jam buildin' like I'm the shit
Tell 'em gimme fifty million or I'ma quit
Most rappers' taste level ain't at my waist level
Turn up the bass 'til it's up-in-yo-face level
Don't do no press but I get the most press, kid
Plus, yo, my bitch make your bitch look like Precious
Somethin' 'bout Mary,
she gone off that molly
Now the whole party is melting like Dalí
Now everybody is movin' they body
Don't sell me apartment, I'll move in the lobby ( Yah )
Niggas is loiterin' just to feel important
You gon' see lawyers and niggas in Jordans ( 2 Chainz )

[Verse 4: 2 Chainz & Big Sean ]
Okay, now catch up to my campaign
Coupe the color of mayonnaise
I'm drunk and high at the same time
Drinkin' champagne on the airplane (Tell 'em)
Spit rounds like a gun range (Baow)
Beat it up like Rampage
Hundred bands, cut your girl
Now your girl need a Band-Aid (Damn)
Grade A, A1
Chain the color of Akon
Black diamonds,
backpack rhymin'
Co-signed by Louis Vuitton ( Yep )
Horsepower, horsepower
All this Polo on, I got horsepower
Pound of this cost four thousand
Now I make it rain, she want more showers
Rain (Rain) pourin' (Pourin')
All my cars is foreign (Foreign)
All my broads is foreign (Foreign)
Money tall like Jordan

[Chorus: YB, Big Sean & Fuzzy Jones ]
O-o-o-o-o-okay, Lamborghini Mercy ( Swerve )
Your chick, she so thirsty ( Swerve )
I-I-I-I-I'm in that two-seat Lambo ( Swerve )
With your girl, she tryna jerk me ( Swerve )
O-o-o-o-o-okay, Lamborghini Mercy ( Swerve )
Your chick, she so thirsty ( Swerve )
I-I-I-I-I'm in that two-seat Lambo ( Swerve , believe )
With your girl, she tryna jerk me ( Swerve , believe )

[Post-Chorus: Fuzzy Jones & Big Sean ]
Well, it is a weepin' and a moanin' ( Swerve )
And a gnashin' of teeth ( Swerve )
It is a weepin' and a moanin' ( Swerve )
And a gnashin' of teeth ( Swerve )
It is a—when it comes to my sound ( Swerve )
Which is the champion sound ( Swerve )
Believe, believe ( Swerve )
Believe, believe ( Swerve )
Well, it is a weepin' and a moanin' and a gnashin' of teeth
It is a weepin' and a moanin' and a gnashin' of teeth
It is a—when it comes to my sound which is the champion sound
Believe, believe, believe, believe
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Dumb It Down Lyrics
Dot spits over the beat from “Dumb It Down” by Lupe Fiasco.

[Intro]
Ali, mix it
Ha ha ha, Lady G, Whaddup?
Ha ha ha, Bad Love, Whaddup?
Ha ha ha, ha...

[Verse 1]
I spaz out 'til I pass out
There’s clarity in my vulgarity for a sass-mouth
Your parody’s not funny
Apparently you ain't nothing but industry crash dummies
As long as the lord love me, I’m good
I could: be the best rapper but I’d rather be the answer that capture the violence that coincides in my hood
I should: stick a fork in this music business
But I’m too deep in it like pussy on my penis
Devil’s kitchen in Phoenix; that’s the heat that I’m bringing where the shade at?
I’m L.A. radio and good music, boy, I don’t play that
Ugh, Walking a thin line from thinking like Einstein
And rhyming like Rakim in ’89
Don’t wanna pack a nine just a mind full of wisdom
Like a man 99 years old locked in prison
Don’t freeload on my vision
Get exposed like an R&B ho with a sex tape hidden
I’m always for the business, forever you can feel it
Whether you Crip blue or a nigga that hemorrhage
My penmanship is like me and Langston combined to the hip
And my hip to the hop don’t stop as I rock
I got a buzz like a shot of Palmer Sun
And the women fall in love as they fall in my crotch
Now understand that I’m all that you’ve got
Give me chance, give me ears, give me hearts, give me props
Hear the difference? I’m cool like that
Oh, you spit? Well the retarded drool is back
See, I’m the author of the authors,
the father of the Austin Power fajja
Who can bust like a charter, why bother?
I know a jealous serpent is a burden to my life
But still I carry on like luggage on a flight
The realness in my bones is the DNA to life
I can give you insight only if you’re in sight
I’m looking past y’all like a fastball - strike!
And I ain't even tryna give it my all - yikes!
I’m comfortable enough to go and chill out with a Huxtable
You couldn’t see my pedestal, because you’re afraid of heights
Cloud 9, where you can find
Me in my dime like Roosevelt in his prime
Wait 'til I’m in my prime
The moon and the stars will align on my Louis V. belt like Orion
To whom say he cool: but the irony is I could hold the bottom of an iron with the bottom of my palm
I say so much, so little all action, no talk like a mime throwing up gang signs
It’s not all about punchlines, I don’t do that
I’m a Jaguar; you’re just a new cat, now move back
Kendrick Lamar on the radar for success
Aiming for the top like an AR aimed at your neck
I can never digress, ‘less I get demoted to death
Even then I’ll be the best still, like a petty theft
I will: conquer my biggest dreams
Once you open the cage, I bet that I’ll spread my wings
Nipsy got street cred, Jay Rock got street cred
And all I got is bad credit, big ears and big head
But still they’ll feel me, cause we all ate cereal
Humped our momma's friend's daughter while they bump the stereo
Backflips on shopping carts, free lunch at the park
Watched Power Rangers after school; here we go
I’m so Comptonized, I will never compromise
For no faulty ass A&R or CEO
We ain't what you think and you think we’re back
But we’ve been here for decades, and I vouch for that
Open your mouth for that, speak well like a great debater over iChat
Get your other eye cracked
I don’t rap, I-Iraq and declare war
I enjoy watching enemies' blood pour
I came up lower middle class, not poor
So don’t feel sorry for me, I don’t need y’all to love me
I need y’all to feel me
And if you feeling froggy to leap, then feel free
My feeling’s all aside, my pride is deprived
By the ultimate prize I'mma get when I see your suicide
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
World Negatives Lyrics

[Intro: Ab-Soul]
Alright, alright, alright
I want everybody to put they glasses in the air
Yeah, you, nigga, you, you nigga
Put your glass in the air for this one
Talented young brother straight out of Compton, California
Finna grace the stage
Goes by the name of K-Dot

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Watch how I kill them with the funky rhythm
Embalming fluid fill 'em, piranha's in 'em (Uh)
Peep my persona as I get deep as Nostradamus
(Aha)
You stalling? Like the '89 I-I-Isiah Thomas
(Word)
I'm ballin', cut up your pajamas if you sleepin' on me
I promise no peekin' homie you tryin' to confiscate the flow, I know
So, I switch it quicker than my bitches in mini skirts that want your attention
One thing for sure, they gon' get it
I'm cursed with the world's negatives
Probably thinkin' I'm hurt but that's the only way I can live
More money, cash, drugs, got me feeling like Ace walking inside the club
Paid in Full, MOB license plates
38's snug hugging my waist like it had arms (arms)
Then I bear it so I guess it really does
No paper work on this marriage (Uh)
But I'm in love with life corruptions rather than life, woah

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
Oh, you ain't know? I need that
More money, more drugs, I need that
More murder, more guns, I need that
Wondering how I live with the world's negatives
This the last days, my nigga
We livin' in the life where crime pays, my nigga
So all I can say is get paid, my nigga
Money, murder, or dope? Which one you love most?

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Mamacita had a bangin' body
Drove a black beamer, present from her baby daddy probably
He knew the nigga from high school
10th grade? They was cool, fell out over a dice game
She knew that but still wanted him to penetrate through that
Shorty wait, me and your man go way back
She said "So what? He don't need to know what go on between us
Besides, I just wanna fuck," she blew his mind
Know what? we can exchange digits
Lets hook up later pay one of them hotels a visit (Uh-huh)
She seemed more than interested, more like desperate to be intimate
Either she this polite or his lucky night
Got the champagne sittin' on ice
Room 112, fuckin' all night then interrupted
By her baby daddy and some niggas that he fuck with
Got him for everything, pussy's a negative, Adam & Eve, he should've known

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
Oh, you ain't know? He need that
More pussy, more hoes, he need that
Even if it's dirty pussy, he need that
Wondering how he lives with the world's negatives
This the last days, my nigga
We livin' in the life where crime pays, my nigga
So all I can say is get paid, my nigga
Money, murder, or dope? Which one you love most?
We livin' in hell waiting on heaven but you don't know, so
Might as well try to accept it, go with the flow, oh
This life will never change (Rather than try to fix it)
So I'm gonna do my thing (Try to continue living)
Seem's like we never see home
You know? So we screaming
This life will never change (Rather than try to fix it)
So I'm gonna do my thing (Try to continue living)

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
Goes out to everybody that know about bad habits
And willing to accept them
As a fatal attraction, what a reaction (Uh)
Rolling with the punches that life gives us and end up like Ke$ha's
Liver cirrhosis, matches givin' us cancer
Bitches givin' us gono-rrhea, I promise to practice
Safe sex, momma, don't cry
They say the good die young but a crackhead live a long time
So I crack open a beer keg, take that bitch to the head (Uh)
Sippin' it slow hopin' it prolongs my soul (Uh-huh)
And that's crazy, yo; when heat is on, I put on a coat (Uh)
Then take it off when it's about to get cold
I've adapted to my environment, murder and violence
20 years worth of it so I gotta love it, you can't blame me
Negative energy, public pulled by evil string
As I open a Bible, I start to sing

[Bridge: Ab-Soul]
Liquor's invaded my kidneys
Got me ready to lick off, momma forgive me
I can't be held accountable that negatives' beating me down, pooh
Got me rolling with guys, making g's, telling lies that sound true, come test me

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
This the last days, my nigga
We livin' in the life where crime pays, my nigga
So all I can say is get paid, my nigga
Money, murder, or dope? Which one you love most?
We livin' in hell waiting on heaven but you don't know so
Might as well try to accept it, go with the flow, oh
This life will never change (Rather than try to fix it)
So I'm gonna do my thing (Try to continue living)
Seem's like we never see home
You know? So we screaming
This life will never change (Rather than try to fix it)
So I'm gonna do my thing (Try to continue living)
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Enjoy Life Lyrics
K Dot, Soul, and Jay Rock spitting over A Tribe Called Quest. Magnificent.

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
I'm the coolest nigga you know
Migrated from the North Pole when I was fo'
Infatuated with cartoons and G.I. Joes
'Till something more greater took a toll: life
Not really, more like white Air Nikes
Evidently, I had a fondness for material things
Ten years old, tryna get a 10K ring
I forgot it was for me when the phone ringed
Elementary girls callin' the house
Desiree and Cheryl mama end hustled what we talkin' about
I'm talkin' about the good old days when we walked without
Knowing that could be our last time walking out
Now we can't walk witout protection
Bein' on the defensive, life ills
This life will put you in a crazy world
Just by knowing crime will never cure
So I'm strapped like Girbaud jeans
I'd rather see the pen, like I was bowling
Rather than death, walkin' on heavy steps
It's a great place, but I ain't ready for Heaven yet
So I told God, put me at the back of the line
Matter fact yesterday, swear to God I ain't lyin'
Movin' at a turtle pace, 'cause the fast lane
Got a day one uncle with one in the brain
Got one in the chamber
Sixteen in the clip, my eyes fluttered with anger
Hip-hop tryna save my life
Give credit whenever it's due, the money touchin' the roof
Breakin' the ceiling, with that being, I'm breakin' the loot
With my loved ones, life way too short, son

[Verse 2: Jay Rock]
Sure is, gotta wake up
Like a bakery, I'm tryna get the cake up
Never know when the day come, so we live carefree
Party like it's 1999, cherish every breath that I breathe
Materialistic things, it won't mean shit when you leave
I ain't lyin', a nigga miss the good old days
Sippin' Kool-Aid, Mama let The O'Jays play
Nowadays, it seems like the end is near
'Cause babies killin' babies like Brenda did
Use ya head, mess around, lose ya wig
Age fifteen, shit, a nigga witnessed it
Walking home from school, just me and my team
Shots fired, I guess it wasn't meant for me
So I thank the man in the skies above
For his blessings until a nigga rise above
I'm fly as a dog, more dope than a drug
On the microphone, lemme kick the verse for y'all
Hip-Hop'll never die as long as we alive
Top Dawg E-N-T, haters don't even try
You don't wanna pay the price of a lyrical ass-whoopin', we'll let it fly
Watch your career go up in flames, let it fry
Watch it die, no get back, just sit back, enjoy the ride
Live like it's no tomorrow, enjoy life

[Verse 3: Ab-Soul]
I'm still reflectin' on the death of
Mission of the better
Only when it's necessary, if it's ever
See, ya'll can say whatever, but still it come together
I usually rip it down and let you sew it back together
Hip-Hop forever – fuck 'em and whoever fed up
And I wish a hex on whoever met 'em
I'm obsessed with objection
And I'd probably blame Common for my
'Resurrection'
"I Used To Love H.E.R." too
So when I'm in the booth, we do what lovers do
But I ain't stingy, let my niggas get a piece of her too
Another piece and I'm through
Probably tryna piece up with you
Niggas got some believin' to do
It starts now
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Shirley Bassey]
Diamonds are forever
They are all I need to please me
They can stimulate and tease me
They won't leave in the night
I've no fear that they might desert me

[Chorus: Kanye West & Shirley Bassey ]
Diamonds are forever
Forever, forever
(Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe)
Diamonds are forever
Forever, forever
( The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme )
( Forever ) Forever ever? Forever ever?
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?
( And ever ) Ever, ever? Ever, ever?

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Good mornin', this ain't Vietnam, still
People lose hands, legs, arms, for real
Little was known of Sierra Leone
And how it connect to the diamonds we own
When I speak of diamonds in this song
I ain't talkin' 'bout the ones that be glowin', I'm talkin' 'bout Roc-a-Fella, my home
My chain, these ain't conflict diamonds
Is they, Jacob? Don't lie to me, mane
See, a part of me sayin' keep shinin'
How when I know what a blood diamond is?
Though it's thousands of miles away
Sierra Leone connect to what we go through today
Over here, it's a drug trade, we die from drugs
Over there, they die from what we buy from drugs
The diamonds, the chains, the bracelets, the charmses
I thought my Jesus piece was so harmless
'Til I seen a picture of a shorty armless
And here's the conflict
It's in a black person soul to rock that gold
Spend your whole life tryna get that ice
On a Polo rugby, it look so nice
How can somethin' so wrong make me feel so right?
Right? 'Fore I beat myself up like Ike
You can still throw your Roc-a-Fella diamond tonight, because

[Chorus: Kanye West & Shirley Bassey ]
Diamonds are forever
Forever, forever
(Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe)
Diamonds are forever
Forever, forever
( The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme )
( Forever ) Forever ever? Forever ever?
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?
( And ever ) Ever, ever? Ever, ever?

[Verse 2: Kanye West & JAY-Z ]
Uh
People askin' me is I'm gon' give my chain back ( Uh )
That'll be the same day I give the game back ( Uh )
You know the next question, dawg, "Yo, where Dame at?" ( Uh )
This track the Indian dance that bring our rain back ( Woo )
"What's up with you and Jay, man? Are y'all okay, man?"

[Verse 3: JAY-Z]
Yup
I got it from here, 'Ye, damn
The chain remains, the gang is intact (Uh-huh)
The name is mine, I'll take blame for that
The pressure's on, but guess who ain't gon' crack?
Haha, pardon me, I had to laugh at that
How could you falter when you're the Rock of Gibraltar?
I had to get off the boat so I could walk on water
This ain't no tall order, this is nothin' to me
Difficult takes a day, impossible takes a week
I do this in my sleep, I sold kilos of coke (So?)
I'm guessin' I can sell CDs
I'm not a businessman, I'm a business, man
Let me handle my business, damn
Kanyeez you got me, Freeway then Foxy
YG's, Teairra Mari, Peedi watch me
Bleek could be one hit away his whole career
As long as I'm alive, he's a millionaire
And even if I die, he's in my will somewhere
So he could just kick back and chill somewhere, oh, yeah
He won't even have to write rhymes
The Dynasty like my money: last three lifetimes
Shirley Bassey's in the rear, sayin' exactly
What I been sayin' practically my whole career
The diamond is forever, I've been minin' this forever
Now the Louis Vuitton Don's timin' couldn't be better
People lined up to see the Titanic sinkin'
Instead, we rose up from the ash like a phoenix
If you're waitin' for the end of the Dynasty sign
It would seem like forever is a mighty long time
(Ha)

[Outro: Jay-Z]
I'm Young, bitches!
Hahahahaha
Good night!

[Produced by Kanye West, Devo Springsteen and Jon Brion]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Little Johnny Lyrics

[Intro]
Uh
Yeah
Kendrick Lamar
Uh

[Verse]
Yeah, I can reconcile being depressed real bad
I'm a thinker not a drinker but still I Hennessey drag;
Alcohol numbs the pain like where Novocaine stabs
In your arteries, pardon me but my city go mad
Via Compton California, corners with coroners and karma on 'em
Colours corresponding to gangs upon us
Common corrupted Crips and Pirus cripple the city
Triple the crime, Bible nor the Quran can save
Welcome, don't be afraid, your city similar, right?
Where the choppers kidnap the night and police silence your rights;
Stare at the sky, wonder will you live to see twenty-five?
I'm twenty-two, at twenty I knew I was against the odds;
This kid named Jonathan was monitoring
His momma and sister, his older cousin, he honored him;
Anonymous bodies on his burner was astonishing
To Johnny, he might've been a modern day rider then
He walking outside again
He see the lifestyle of an active member, pull out a MAC-11, now his eyes is big
Fascinated by mayhem, what's his cousin to say now?
He wanna be from the hood that he's from and that's one
More gangster under the family tree, took 'em under his wings like KFC
Crip crazy, rocking matching T-shirts that says "The hood made me"
No love, just spread slugs, that's the policy, the leader and the prodigy;
Now shorty doo-wop, holding a oowop, hanging with rah-rahs with blah-blahs that sit on the block
Catching fades hittin' licks, going on missions with lunatics
A ninth-grade menace thugging for six months, smoking like six blunts
An hour;
the power of banging, he was walking from- (gunshots) Little Johnny

[Outro: Malcolm X & (Kendrick Lamar)]
I think you'll find, sir, that there will come a time
When black people wake up and become intellectually independent enough
To think for themselves as other humans are intellectually independent enough to think for themselves
Then the black man will think like a black man and he will feel for other black people
And this new thinking and feeling will cause black people to stick together
And then at that point you will have a situation
Where when you attack one black man, you are attacking all black men
And this type of black thinking will cause all black people to stick together
And this type of thinking also will bring an end to the brutality inflicted upon black people by (black people)
And it is the only thing that will bring an end to it
No federal court, state court or city court will bring an end to it
It's something that the black man has to bring an end to
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Chorus]
(Hey, Mama, ah, ow)
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you, and uh
Let me tell you what I'm about to do
(Hey, Mama)
I know I act a fool, but I promise you, I'm goin' back to school, and
I appreciate what you allowed for me, and I
I just want you to be proud of me
(Hey, Mama)

[Verse 1]
I wanna tell the whole world about a friend of mine
This little light of mine, I'm finna let it shine
I'm finna take y'all back to them better times
I'm finna talk about my mama if y'all don't mind
I was three years old when you and I moved to the Chi'
Late December, harsh winter gave me a cold
You fixed me up something that was good for my soul
Famous homemade chicken soup, can I have another bowl?
You work late nights just to keep on the lights
Mommy got me training wheels so I could keep on my bike
And you would give anything in this world
Michael Jackson leather and a glove, but didn't give me a curl
And you never put no man over me
And I love you for that, mommy, can't you see?
Seven years old, caught you with tears in your eyes
'Cause a nigga cheatin', telling you lies, then I started to cry
As we knelt on the kitchen floor
I said, "Mommy, I'ma love you 'til you don't hurt no more
And when I'm older, you ain't gotta work no more
And I'ma get you that mansion that we couldn't afford"
See, you're unbreakable, unmistakable
Highly capable lady that's makin' loot
A livin' legend too, just look at what Heaven do
Sent us an angel, and I thank you, Mama

[Chorus]
(Hey, Mama, ah, ow)
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you, and uh
Let me tell you what I'm about to do
(Hey, Mama)
I know I act a fool, but I promise you, I'm goin' back to school, and
I appreciate what you allowed for me, and I
I just want you to be proud of me
(Hey, Mama)

[Verse 2]
Forrest Gump mama said, "Life is like a box of chocolates"
My mama told me, "Go to school, get your doctorate
Something to fall back on, you could profit with"
But still supported me when I did the opposite
Now I feel like it's things I gotta get
Things I gotta do, just to prove to you
You was getting through,
can the choir please
Give me a verse of "You Are So Beautiful To Me"?
Can't you see, you're like a book of poetry
Maya Angelou, Nikki Giovanni
Turn one page and there's my mommy
Come on, Mommy, just dance wit' me
Let the whole world see your dancing feet
Now when I say "Hey," y'all say, "Mama"
Now everybody answer me, come on

[Chorus]
(Hey, Mama, ah, ow)
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you
Let me tell you what I'm about to do
(Hey, Mama)
I know I act a fool, but I promise you, I'm goin' back to school
I appreciate what you allowed for me
I just want you to be proud of me
(Hey, Mama)

[Break]
I guess it also depends though if my ends low
Second they get up, you gon' get that Benzo
Tint the windows, ride around the city and let your friends know (Hey, Mama)
Tell your job you gotta fake 'em out
Since you brought me in this world, let me take you out
To a restaurant, upper echelon
I'ma get you a Jag', whatever else you want
Just tell me what kind of
S-Type Donda West like?
Tell me the perfect color so I make it just right
It don't gotta be Mother's Day or your birthday
For me to just call and say

[Outro]
(Hey, Mama, ah, ow)
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you, and uh
Let me tell you what I'm about to do
(Hey, Mama)
You know I love you so, and
I never let you go
Wrote this song just so you know
No matter where you go, our love is true
(Hey, Mama)

[Produced by Jon Brion & Kanye West]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Can I Live II Lyrics
The sequel to “Can I Live” from Reasonable Doubt.
“Can I Live II” came out as a bonus track on the 1998 re-issue of the album.

[Produced by K Rob]

[Intro: Jay-Z]
Yeah, is y'all niggas finished, yo?
Is y'all niggas finished?
Got your little radio play, your little BDS, huh
You finished nigga? Huh huh, y'all finished
Can I live, huh
Can I live, yo, you're being stingy with the fucking music again yo

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Yo, yo... yo I blacks out, I pulls the MAC out
Scream "what's that about?", then I clap out
I get my plot on and my drop on, through the rotten
Don't even hate on those who hate me, I got Pac on
Feelin' it (feelin' it),
chickens are ice grillin' it
Cops pullin' it over, Jigga react militant
Speed off, officer told me turn the beat off
I turned it a level higher, then return the devil's fire
I'm raised different, react in situations niggas lay stiff in
Rookies blame it on the age difference
My subliminal flows, create criminal odes
Sing along if y'all with me, 'til the end of the road
I'm cynical, when in the view of the public
And this is because, I'm defensive when I'm in interviews
The percentage who don't understand, is higher than the percentage who do
Check yourself, what percentage is you?

[Refrain: Jay-Z]
Can I live, for all my niggas with all white Air Force Ones
And black guns, stack ones yo
Can I live, for all my chicks pigeon-toed
Stand bowlegged like a bulldog, know what I mean, huh?
Can I live, to all the cee-lo champs
Two green dice
and one red stop the bank and roll, heads, yo
Can I live,
to all my niggas who drink Hennessy straight
Cop mixtapes and sell weight, niggas

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
I got the Feds sending me letters, 'cause I'm schooling the youth
But they can't lock me down, 'cause my tool is the truth
Yeah I sold drugs for a living, that's a given
Why is it? Why don't y'all try to visit the neighborhoods, I live in?
My mind been through hell,
my neighborhood is crime central
Where cops lock you up more than try to defend you
I push you to the limit when I'm needing the wealth
And all I see is life cycle just repeating itself
Ran into shorty bopping down the ave
On his way to clocking math then
He proceeded to show me a block of slab
and said

[Verse 3: Memphis Bleek]
Ayo there's money out there I just got to have
When I catch up to these fiends I'ma knock 'em on they ass
Not to brag, sometimes I look at my life and laugh
How I think about school and it taught me not to grab
When I backed out, let one out, let the barrel turn
Holla at you faggots that it's my block to burn
That credit you dead it
I know heads getting annoyed and knew all
About a dope fiend before reading Donald Goines
Flipping boy and, using the right cut
One thing that's fucked up is bad dope that I can't pump
This slab gotta re-up and re-bag
Blend it in with the raw, bubble it fast cop more
Once I get it I got it I lock it, nobody pop shit
Selling twenties on my block, bitch, on some blacktop shit
What you want nigga? What you want nigga?
What you want, what you want nigga?

[Outro: Jay-Z]
Can I live...
To all my niggas that hold coke in they bubble coat
Trying to win with the construction Timbs yo
Can I live...
Yo USA, all my chicks that strip
Boos go to the store with the doobie pins still in
All my chicks with the credit card scams
Two kids, one job, and no man
All my chicks getting that washing set with their welfare check
Haha, all the mamis dame un beso, alright
All my niggas rocking them fitted caps
Trying to get at this rap, know what I mean
All my cats with open cases, big cars, and no license
I like that shit, I see y'all
All my niggas that say pause after they say some fucked up shit Hahahahaha, rock on and uh, Jigga shit, Roc-A-Fella forever yo
Uhh, Major Coins, yeah, uh-huh
Memph Bleek nigga, uh-huh uh
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Uh, yo don't get mad at me
I don't love 'em, I fuck 'em
I don't chase 'em, I duck 'em
I replace 'em with another one
You had to see she keep calling me B.I.G
And my name is Jay-Z
She be all on my dick
Gradually I'm taking over your bitch
Coming over your shit
Got my feet up on you sofa, man
I eat a hostess from her open hand
You coming home to dishes and empty soda cans
I got your bitch in my Rover man
I never kiss her, I never hold her hand
In fact I diss her I'm a bolder man
I'ma pimp her, it's over man
(It's over man, it's over man...)

[Chorus: Missy Elliott]
Oh, is that your bitch? Why she all in his six?
With her hand on his dick keep licking her lips
Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride?
With her hand on his thighs keep looking in his eyes
Oh, is that your bitch? You better tell her chill
While you all in his grill
, don't you know that man kill?
Is that your bitch? Why she paging him?
Keep praising him? 'Cause that's Jay and them, bitch!

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Yo, yo, why you home alone, why she out with me?
Room 112, hotel balcony
How she say Jay you can call the house for me?
There's no respect at all
You betta check her dawg
She keep beggin' me to hit it raw
So she can have my kids and say it was yours
How foul is she? And you wifed her
Shit, I put the rubber on tighter
Sent her home, when she entered home
You hugged her up
What the fuck is up?
She got you whipped, got your kids
Got your home, but that's not your bitch
You share that girl, don't let 'em hear that he'll hurl
It'll make 'em sick that his favorite chick
Ain't saving it, unfaithful bitch

[Chorus: Missy Elliott]
Oh, is that your bitch? Why she all in his six?
With her hand on his dick keep licking her lips
Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride?
With her hand on his thighs keep looking in his eyes
Oh, is that your bitch? You better tell her chill
While you all in his grill, don't you know that man kill?
Is that your bitch? Why she paging him?
Keep praising him? 'Cause that's Jay and them, bitch!

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Cool out homie
You betta keep her away from my balling clique
Keep her out of nightclubs all in the mix
From hanging out with chicks who be swallowing dicks
From cats who order Cris' play the floor with the Knicks
It can only lead to something unfortunate
Hot boy like Jigga Man scorch your bitch
Play the four dot, Jigga Man go first
Then we all rock 'til we all hot
You know the boy from the Roc got them whores on lock
Got the bitches in the smash
Make them drawers drop fast
'Cause we get more cash than the average nigga?
All them hoes like "Damn, I gotta have this nigga"
'Cause I'ma hot black, how in the hell can you stop that?
You would fuck mine
How the hell can you knock that?
I'm just playing the cards chose for me
Jigga Man, who you supposed to be?

[Chorus: Missy Elliott]
Oh, is that your bitch? Why she all in his six?
With her hand on his dick keep licking her lips
Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride?
With her hand on his thighs keep looking in his eyes
Oh, is that your bitch? You better tell her chill
While you all in his grill, don't you know that man kill?
Is that your bitch? Why she paging him?
Keep praising him? 'Cause that's Jay and them, bitch!

[Verse 4: Twista]
The Jigga and Twista got 'em screaming
Like a demon fiending for the semen
Chrome gleaming like the dome on Keenan
Gone while I'm leanin' smoking
I'm whip it in the stomach
Your bitch on the passenger side of me flashing your money
Why you acting so funny?
You know she been flirting while your working
Behind the curtain knuckles jerking for certain
Poppin' that pussy
Sweatin' till no fluid is left
When I come in the party with Jay we gon' do it to death
You gon' ruin your rep
Trippin' while we pimpin' these hefers
Playa lectures got me shining like a new Gator stepper
Must have been mad
When your ho put my stuff in the dash
Bust in her ass
To climax I come up with a nab
The game don't stop
Legit ballers bending up the block
Niggas rushing, coming at us 'cause of status and props
Sucking and fucking, loving it when I put the dick up inside her
Can't help it if she's in love with a rider

[Bridge: Missy Elliott]
Oh, is that your bitch? Why she all in his six?
With her hand on his dick keep licking her lips
Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride?
With her hand on his thighs keep looking in his eyes
Oh, is that your bitch? You better tell her chill
While you all in his grill, don't you know that man kill?
Is that your bitch? Why she paging him?
Keep praising him? 'Cause that's Jay and them, bitch!

[Chorus: Missy Elliott]
Oh, is that your bitch? Why she all in his six?
With her hand on his dick keep licking her lips
Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride?
With her hand on his thighs keep looking in his eyes
Oh, is that your bitch? You better tell her chill
While you all in his grill, don't you know that man kill?
Is that your bitch? Why she paging him?
Keep praising him? 'Cause that's Jay and them, bitch!

[Bridge: Missy Elliott]
Oh, is that your bitch? Why she all in his six?
With her hand on his dick keep licking her lips
Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride?
With her hand on his thighs keep looking in his eyes
Oh, is that your bitch? You better tell her chill
While you all in his grill, don't you know that man kill?
Is that your bitch? Why she paging him?
Keep praising him? 'Cause that's Jay and them, bitch!

[Outro: Missy Elliott]
Oh, is that your bitch? Why she all in his six?
With her hand on his dick keep licking her lips
Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride?
With her hand on his thighs keep looking in his eyes
Oh, is that your bitch? You better tell her chill
While you all in his grill, don't you know that man kill?
Is that your bitch? Why she paging him?
Keep praising him? 'Cause that's Jay and them, bitch!
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Verse 1: Kanye West]
I been waiting for a minute
For my lady
So I can't jeopardize that for one of these hoes
I been livin' without limits
As far as my business
I'm the only one that's in control
I been feeling all I've given
For my children
I will die for those I love
God, I'm willing
To make this my mission
Give up the women
Before I lose half of what I own
I been thinking
'Bout my vision
Pour out my feelings
Revealing the layers to my soul
My soul
The layers to my soul
Revealing the layers to my soul

[Chorus: The Weeknd]
They wish I would go ahead and fuck my life up
Can't let them get to me
And even though I always fuck my life up
Only I can mention me

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
See, before I let you go
One last thing I need to let you know
You ain't never seen nothing crazier than
This nigga when he off his Lexapro
Remember that last time in Mexico?
Remember that last time, the episode?
Asking me why the hell I text in code?
Four times just to say, "Don't text me, ho"
Told you four times, "Don't test me, ho"
And we finna lose all self-control
But you ain't finna be raising your voice at me
Especially when we in the Giuseppe store
But I'ma have the last laugh in the end
'Cause I'm from a tribe called "Check-a-ho"
Yeah, I'ma have to laugh in the end
'Cause I'm from a tribe called "Check-a-ho"
And I...

[Chorus: The Weeknd]
They wish I would go ahead and fuck my life up
Can't let them get to me
And even though I always fuck my life up
Only I can mention me
They wish I would go ahead and fuck my life up
Can't let them get to me
And even though I always fuck my life up
Only I can mention me

[Outro: Kanye West & Section 25 ]
See through the veil
And forget all of your cares
Throw them
Throw them away
Don't stop your loving
Don't stop for nothing
No, not for nothing
They don't wanna see me love you
Don't now, don't stop it
They always love it
They always wanna
They don't wanna see me love you
See through the veil
They don't wanna see me love you
And forget all your cares
They don't wanna see me love you
Throw them
Throw them away
Ooh, life's a feeling and
Ooh, the body is a feeling, yeah
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Pastor T.L. Barrett / Choir & Future ]
You're the only power (Power)
You're the only power that can
You're the only power (Power)
You're the only power that can
Oh, oh, oh, Father
( If Young Metro don't trust you, I'm gon' shoot you )

[Pre-Chorus: Kid Cudi & Pas tor T.L. Barrett / Choir ]
Beautiful mornin', you're the sun in my mornin', babe ( Who can I turn to? )
Nothin' unwanted ( After all, who can I turn to? )
Beautiful mornin', you're the sun in my mornin', babe ( If I don't turn to You )
Nothin' unwanted ( No other help I know, I stretch my hands )

[Chorus: Kanye West & Pastor T .L. Barrett / C h oir ]
I just wanna feel liberated, I-I, na-na-na ( Who can I turn to? )
I just wanna feel liberated, I-I, na-na-na ( After all, who can I turn to? )
If I ever instigated, I am sorry ( If I don't turn to You )
Tell me who in here could relate, I-I-I ( No other help I know, I stretch my hands )

[Verse: Kanye West & Kelly Price ]
Now, if I fuck this model
And she just bleached her asshole
And I get bleach on my T-shirt
I'ma feel like an asshole
I was high when I met her
We was down in Tribeca
She'll get under your skin if you let her
She'll get under your skin if you— (Uh)
I don't even wanna talk about it
I don't even wanna talk about it
I don't even wanna say nothin'
Everybody gon' say somethin'
I'd be worried if they said nothin'
Remind me where I know you from
She lookin' like she owe you somethin'
You know just what we want
I wanna wake up with you in my—

[Pre-Chorus: Kid Cudi , Pastor T.L. Barrett / Choir & Kelly Price ]
Beautiful mornin', you're the sun in my mornin', babe ( Who can I turn to? )
Beautiful mornin'
Nothin' unwanted ( After all, who can I turn to? )
Beautiful mornin', you're the sun in my mornin', babe ( If I don't turn to You )
Nothin' unwanted ( No other help I know )

[Chorus: Kanye West & Pastor T.L. Barrett / Choir ]
I just wanna feel liberated, I-I, na-na-na ( Who can I turn to? )
I just wanna feel liberated, I-I, na-na-na ( After all, who can I turn to? )
If I ever instigated, I am sorry ( If I don't turn to You )
Tell me who in here could relate, I-I-I ( No other help I know, I stretch my hands )
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Just Blaze]

[Intro: Jay-Z]
This is a state of emergency, bitches
What you want me to do? I'm sorry!
I'm back

[Chorus Jay-Z & Flavor Flav of Public Enemy sample ]
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey, hey! Uh! (Uh-huh!)
Show me what you got, lil' mama
Show me what you got, pretty lady
Show me what you got, shorty
Show me what you got, baby
Hands up and waves, and waves ( Show 'em what'cha got! Show 'em what'cha got! )
And wave, and wave! Uh! ( Show 'em what'cha got! )

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Give the drummer some
Shit, I already gave the summer some
It's the winter's turn, Hovi Hov is the coldest
I'm just getting better with time, I'm like Opus One
Young, no two alike, like a snowflake
Okay, show me what you got, babe
Words is slurring, engine purring
Mami front, but I'm so determined
Shots of Patrón, now she in the zone
I ain't talking 'bout the 2-3
Mami in the zone like the homie 2-3
Jordan or James –
Makes no difference, we all ballin' the same
Nigga, I am the Mike Jordan of recordin'
Nigga, you might want to fall back from recordin'
Shit, what you write is not important
So it forced him to go for the hype, for being brave they may applaud him
But misery, I will assure them
Aww, baby, just ignore them
Truth or dare, mami, listen and learn
I got a drop, I just took off the top, it's your turn

[Chorus Jay-Z & Flavor Flav of Public Enemy sample ]
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey, hey, hey! (Uh!)
Show me what you got, lil' mama
Show me what you got, pretty lady
Show me what you got, shorty
Show me what you got, baby
Hands up and wave, and wave
And wave, and wave! Uh!
Show me what you got, lil' mama
Show me what you got, pretty lady
Show me what you got, shorty
Show me what you got, baby (Uh, uh!)
Hands up and wave, and wave ( Show 'em what'cha got! Show 'em what'cha got! )
And wave, and wave! Uh! ( Show 'em what'cha got! )

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
H-O-V-A, gold bottles of that Ace of Spade
Why even fool with these other guys? They all stingy
All these dudes know how to say is "gimme"
"Gimme some head," "Gimme some brain,"
"Gimme your number," "Gimme your name"
But if I get one night, baby girl, I swear
I'll make you tell these other dudes "gimme" got you here
I'll take you shopping, take long trips
I'll take the cork off, you can take sips
I'll take you there, take my time
Take your clothes off, you take off mine
Ma, show me what you got
Hovi in the spot, tried to told you I was hot
Tell these other dudes it's a wrap
Get the fuck out the throne, you clone – the King's back!
Y'all got less than two months to get y'all thing together
Good luck

[Chorus Jay-Z & Flavor Flav of Public Enemy sample ]
Show me what you got, lil' mama
Show me what you got, pretty lady (Ow!)
Show me what you got, shorty
Show me what you got, baby (Uh, uh!)
Hands up and wave, and wave ( Show 'em what'cha got! Show 'em what'cha got! )
And wave, and wave! Uh! ( Show 'em what'cha got! )
Show me what you got, lil' mama
Show me what you got, pretty lady
Show me what you got, shorty
Show me what you got, baby (Uh, uh!)
Hands up and wave, and wave ( Show 'em what'cha got! Show 'em what'cha got! )
And wave, and wave! Uh! ( Show 'em what'cha got! )

[Outro: Jay-Z]
Ladies and gentlemen, the most incredible!
H-O, uh-huh
H-O, uh-huh
He's back
Justin Blaze
Blazettes
Roc-A-Fella Records
Dynasty continues, y'all die
Uh-huh, peace!
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
And it'll be a long time, before you ever see me again, me again

[Verse 1]
They want me, hold my head in shame
So I hold 'em on, holding hands in vain
Covers talkin',
now the feds say I'm insane
A psych said I'm gonna fumble down along the planner
And then his son told me "Put down the drink, dawg"
I got the rinks off, coming for the things off
I guess there's nothin' and I'm finna chop its head off
I need a lil' something to knock the edge off
Aside from this song, my life sucks
Stomping on someone with my boots
And I'll put it off, if we modest
And every other god needs a goddess
And every other star couldn't guide us
It falls upon something that's inside us
So I'm not gonna stop for my riders
Tell me where my ride is, tumble on the mountains, uh

[Chorus]
And I don't like them, and they don't like that
They don't like that, and I don't want that
And it'll be a long time before you ever see me again
Don't worry about me, worry 'bout you
Or worry about something, don't worry what I do
Hey, motherfuckers, it'll be a long time
Before you ever see me again, me again

[Verse 2]
See, I need some time to meditate
Naw, bitch, I'm fly, I need time to levitate
And I don't sound try, tryna hesitate
Fumbled down, very late, nigga, you a featherweight
And I'm a heavyweight, and I'm very great
I put the everyday, rocking in every state
Do not debate, you cannot cape
I must've on faith, getting knocked of faith
Guess it's my fate, guess it was written
I can sell a phone, guess it was different
That was somethin' back then, I was different
Now I'm spitting and everybody's just spittin'
And what it sound like when everybody sound alike
What you sound like, bumpin' 'em on a round mic?
I don't even sound right, feelin' like I'm on the downright
And these niggas secondary, like Pippen around Mike
Trippin' around sight, pumpin' on that down light
I'ma be downright, you niggas is downright biters
And I'ma set fires, and my shit downright fire, from the corner buyer
And I'm alone now

[Chorus]
Don't worry 'bout me, don't worry 'bout them
Just worry 'bout you, and what you gonna do?
And it'll be a long time before you ever see me again
Worry 'bout me, I worry 'bout me
I worry 'bout you, and maybe I do, have a long day
And it'll be a long time before you ever see me again
Don't worry 'bout me, don't worry 'bout you
I worry 'bout something that we can't do
And you know me,
yeah, it'll be a long time before you ever see me again, me again
Don't worry 'bout me, na-na-na-na
And it'll be a long time before you ever see me again, me again
Hey, hey
Before you ever see me again, me again
Hey, hey
It'll be a long time before you ever see me

[Post-Chorus]
Can you clap your hands, hands?
Clap your, clap your hand, hands?
Clap your, clap your hand, hands?
And I wanna do something, I wanna do something then
Can you clap your hand, hands?
Need you to clap your hands, hands
Need you to clap your hands, hands
Need you to clap your hands
Need you to clap your hands, hands
Need you to clap your hands
Need you to clap your hands, hands
Need you to clap your hands, hands

[Verse 3]
So the song like a
Section 8
So I pass that dick around like a collection plate
I can sell 'em on Sunday, with the fuss you made
I be stunting with the stunners, and that's the best you make
So if everybody just stand now, and shit, don't plan out
Throw your hands up, at least give them a handout
And with the sun shown, it's like the Jerome is
Mom-is-on-the-cellphone days, I'm homeless
Or feeling like Ike at the end of the movie
Wait, just need two more shows just to get to me
Or feeling like Eddie Kane, I still got it
And it's something but the problem is, you still not it
Or maybe if it's sicker, they say I'm that nigga
Or maybe if I'm humble, it's not a cellphone finger
Or maybe damn, I could just blow my shit through thinner
Maybe I should stop being real, maybe I should get on Twitter
Maybe I should know somethin' different, I could reconsider
Got something nothing seri' till the cellphone liver
And I'ma drink 'til the sun up, 'til I got no more liver
And I'ma stand and deliver 'til they pump my liver
And I'ma spit it, like it get it, kinda self, but I'm fine
I'd rather live by what I live by, then die when I'm fine
I'm gonna stand by myself 'til my very last breath
'Cause you know what? A coward dies a thousand deaths
And I'm proud when it's a sound, but now a thousand next
And I could style on you, something down to hell with this
You can't style on me, nigga, I'm out of your league
I'm liable to be a liability
You plan to style on me, tryna to style on me
Nigga, I'm liable to be a liability
And my ability, I can sound like Billie Jean

[Non-Lyrical Vocals]

[Chorus]
Don't worry 'bout me, worry 'bout you
Worry about something, something will do
And motherfucker, it'll be a long time before you ever see me again
So don't worry 'bout me, I'll be fine
I'll be up some, going for mine
And it'll be a long time 'fore you ever see me again, me again
Don't worry 'bout me, worry 'bout you, worry 'bout you
Before you ever see

[Verse 4]
Don't worry about what I been up to
Where the fuck I'm going, nah, nigga, fuck you
Who the fuck is going, I can something don't ask it, who the fuck is asking?
I'll put the summer on blast and- and who the fuck is lasting?
And be the last standing, caught up on the planning
Get a better tan and I been feeling dandy
And who can run the planet? Pass them a Xanax
And an afternoon I annex and all of the damage
Left on the platter,
who's soon after all?
I guess it's a small world after all
Stunting on the sun 'cause I have to ball
I run the world 'cause it's a small world after all
And I'm never after y'all
I have to loss somethin' and I got it all
And feeling like you got it all?
Humble some'

[Non-Lyrical Vocals]
, nah, nigga, not at all

[Chorus]
Don't worry 'bout me, just worry 'bout you
'Cause I don't give a fuck on whatcha gon' do
And it'll be a long time before you ever see me again

[Verse 5]
There's something on the all out, the call out, somethin' on the call out
Last summer, last fight, and y'all had a fall out
I can sense nothing to something, what are y'all 'bout?
Bumping nothing to something, and everything that y'all 'bout
Y'all had your ups and downs, I don't fuck around
Put everything on the something, then you go and fuck around
I put it to a style, now there's something, nothing now
Your feelings felt something, y'all don't feel nothing now
Her tears dried up, from bumping expressionless
I was under exodus and learning what the lessons is
What the ebony of essences, the Genesis
I got the fetishes
,
something on the sedatives
One sip and then it'll have you look at innocence
I wish we just could take it back to the Book of Genesis
Before the hook is in, is there any point of any of this?
Turning something into nothing [?]
[?], put hands on you
Then put his front side, and put hands on you
Just turn around say "For really?"
I'm done, motherfucker, I can state something if

[Chorus]
They worry 'bout me, just worry about you
I get knocked off when I begin
And she said that
It'll be a long time before you ever see me again, me again
Don't worry 'bout me, just worry 'bout you
And I'll be up now, what I've been up to
And it'll be a long time before you ever see me again, me again
Don't worry 'bout me, don't worry 'bout them
And it'll be a long time before you ever see me again, me again
Me again, me again
It'll be a long time before you ever see me again

[Instrumental]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Outrageous Lyrics
Song featuring on XXL 2011’S Freshman Class: The Mixtape hosted by Whoo Kid.
Download link from Datpiff, here.
Early lines in verse one can also be heard from KDot’s 5 Fingers of Death Freestyle

[Intro]
Mic check Ali
The mic don't sound right
Even the shooters can get shot, get shot quick
Even the shooters can get shot (Ali get it right)
Even the shooters can get shot, get shot quick
Even the shooters can get shot
Uhh

[Verse 1]
Tell em I got plenty arson to sell em
Heat by the fleet displaying it very seldomly
I write till I ignite my cerebellum
Close to the pen like I had 3 felons
Come from a city where niggas show no remorse
And a corpse is just another hommy taking it's course
Of course my dream was to play in the Final Four
Till the twelfth grade came and I was only 5'4
So now I'm a graduate looking to get hired
My pops knew a security job he inquired
But ignorance is bliss, that's what I was told
I stopped, dropped and rolled when somebody yelled fired
Now there goes another black boy unemployed
With a lot of free time which means he's vulnerable to run into a lot of crime
I wrote it in my rhymes
And when I left the porch this is what I realized
(Chorus)
Even the shooters can get shot, get shot quick
Even the shooters can get shot (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Even the shooters can get shot, get shot quick
Even the shooters can get shot (yeah, yeah, yeah, wassup?)
These streets ain't none to play with
It could get outrageous
Got burners, .45's and gauges
That could really get outrageous

[Verse 2]
So I'm thinking to myself, what's next?
My security job only got me like 2 checks
My pops disappointed, told me I'm fuckin' up
Irresponsible and I need some growing up
I told him I would go back, knowing I wouldn't go back
Working a 9 to 5 is something I couldn't stomach
Surrounded by the violence
All the goons and the goblins
With 99 problems I still kept it 100
These streets can be rather manipulating
Especially when you're black and just turned 18
So what's a kid to do, when your fresh out of school and the negatives of the world constantly following you?
Not to mention a local henchman, copped a sheriff's part like terrorists
Osama with badges that talk arrogant
That boy 15 and he holdin' a .45
30 years apart, 30 years before he realized

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Uhh
Soon as the beat drop, I bet some heat pop
On a block close to you like a relative
You sippin' Belvedere while these niggas plannin' to rob Mr. Belvedere
Yeah I'm a good kid tryna stay righteous as Martin Luther but it seems like all of my friends eventually become shooters
And niggas bangin' on you is something that you'll get used to
You can either fight back or run home and grab your ruger
Whatever you do just make sure you're willing to do it
Being too indecisive can get you killed inside your Buick
Cuz you stopped at the light, 5 minutes from midnight
With no tinted windows that nigga surely had shot through it
You tell me you listening, but you don't hear the music
Call you Billy Hoyle when turmoil was near
This is the realest right here
When I lost my very first job
My pops said why?
I said I couldn't aim for the sky
Cuz even shooters can get shot

[Outro]
(yeah, yeah, yeah, wassup?)
These streets ain't none to play with
It could get outrageous
Got burners, .45's and gauges
That could really get outrageous
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Not Like Us (Live at Kia Forum) Lyrics

[Part I]

[Intro: Dr. Dre & Kendrick Lamar ]
Yeah
Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, hold on, Dre
You ain't gon' say, you ain't gon' say nothing else before, you know
We continue the party?
Yeah, okay
I'm gonna just need a moment of silence for this one
Psst, I see dead people
(Mustard on the beat, ho)

[Verse]
Hey, Mustard on the beat, ho
Deebo any rap nigga, he a free throw
Man down, call a amberlamps, tell him, "Breathe, bro"
Nail a nigga to the cross, he walk around like—
What's up with these jabroni-ass niggas tryna see Compton?
The industry can hate me, fuck 'em all and they mama
How many opps you really got? I mean, it's too many options
Finna spazz on this body, I'm John Stockton
Beat your ass and hide the Biblе if God watchin'
Sometimes you gotta pop out and show niggas
Certifiеd boogeyman, I'm the one that up the score with 'em
Walk him down, whole time, I know he got some—
Pole on him, extort shit, bully Death Row on him
Say, Drake, I hear you like 'em young
You better not ever go to cell block one
To any bitch that talk to him and they in love
Just make sure you hide your li'l sister from him
They tell me Chubbs the only one that get your hand-me-downs
And Party at the party playin' with his nose now
And Baka got a real case, why is he around?
Certified Lover Boy? Certified pedo-style
(Wop, wop, wop, wop, wop) Dot, fuck 'em up
(Wop, wop, wop, wop, wop) I'ma do my stuff
Why you trollin' like a bitch? Ain't you
tired?
Tryna strike a chord and it's probably
A minor

[Part II]

[Intro]
Yeah, yeah
Also, y'all ain't gon' let nobody disrespect the West Coast, huh?
Oh, you ain't gon' let nobody finally imitate our legends, huh?
Let's try it again
(Psst, I see dead people)
(Mustard on the beat, ho)

[Verse]
Hey
Mustard on the beat, ho
Deebo any rap nigga, he a free throw
Man down, call an amberlamps, tell him, "Breathe, bro"
Nail a nigga to the cross, he walk around like Teezo
What's up with these jabroni-ass niggas tryna see Compton?
The industry can hate me, fuck 'em all and they mama
How many opps you really got? I mean, it's too many options
Finna pass on this body, I'm
John Stockton
Say it!
Beat your ass and hide the Bible if God watchin'
Sometimes you gotta pop out and show niggas
Certified boogeyman
I'm the one that up the score with 'em
Walk him down, whole time, I know he got some ho in him
Pole on him, extort shit, bully Death Row on him
Say, Drake,
I hear you like 'em young
You better not ever go to cell block one
To any bitch that talk to him and they in love
Just make sure you hide your lil' sister
from him
They tell me Chubbs the only one that get your
hand-me-downs
And Party at the party playin' with his
nose now
And Baka got a weird case, why is
he around?
Certified Lover Boy?
Certified pedophiles
(Wop, wop, wop, wop, wop)
Dot, fuck 'em up
(Wop, wop, wop, wop, wop)
I'ma do my stuff
Why you trollin' like a bitch? Ain't you
tired?
Tryna strike a chord
and it's probably A minor

[Part III]

[Intro]
*overlapping chants of "One More Time" and "OV-ho"*
One more time
(Psst, I see dead people)
We got the DJ motherfucking Mustard, hold up
Run it back!
You sure?
Go on, one more
(Psst, I see dead people)
Who is he? Who is he?
(Mustard on the beat, ho)

[Verse 1]
Ayy, Mustard on the beat, ho
Deebo any rap nigga, he a
free throw
Man down, call an amberlamps, tell him, "Breathe, bro"
Nail a nigga to the cross, he walk around like Teezo
What's up with these jabroni-ass nigga, they see Compton?
The industry can hate me, fuck 'em all and
they mama
How many opps you really got? I mean, it's too many options
I'm finna pass on this body, I'm John Stockton
Beat your ass and hide the Bible if God watchin'
Sometimes you gotta hop out and
show niggas
Certified boogeyman, I'm the one that up the
score with 'em
Walk him down, whole time, I know he got some
ho in him
Pole on him, extort shit, bully Death Row on him
Say, Drake, I hear you like 'em
young
You better not ever go to cell block
one
To any nigga talk to him and they in love
Just make sure you hide your lil' sister from him
They tell me Chubbs the only one that get your hand-me-downs
And Party at the party playin' with his nose now
And
Baka
got a weird case, why is
he around?
Certified Lover Boy? Certified
pedophiles
Wop, wop, wop, wop, wop,
Dot, fuck 'em up
Wop, wop, wop, wop, wop,
I'ma do my stuff
Why you trollin' like a bitch? Ain't you
tired?
Tryna strike a chord
and it's probably A minor

[Chorus]
Ayy
They not like
us
, they not like
us
, they not like
us
They not like
us
, they not like
us
, they not like
us

[Verse 2]
You think the Bay gon' let you disrespect Pac, nigga?
I think that Oakland show gon' be your last
stop, nigga
Did Cole fouI, I don't know why you still pretendin'
What is the owl? Bird niggas and bird bitches, go
The audience not dumb
Shape the stories how you want, hey, Drake, they're not
slow
Rabbit hole is still deep, I can go further, I promise
Ain't that somethin'? B-Rad stands for bitch and you
Malibu most wanted
Ain't no law, boy, you ball boy, fetch Gatorade or somethin'
Since 2009, I had this bitch jumpin'
You niggas'll get a wedgie, be flipped over your boxers
What OVO for? The "Other Vaginal Option"? Pussy
Nigga better straighten they posture, I got famous all up in Compton
Might write this for the doctorate, tell the pop star quit hidin'
Fuck a caption, no action, accident
And I'm hands-on, he fuck around, get polished
Fucked on Wayne girl while he was in jail, that's connivin'
Get his face tatted like a bitch apologizin'
I'm glad DeRoz' came home, y'all didn't deserve him neither
Alondra down to Central, nigga better not speak on Serena
And your homeboy need subpoena, that predator move in flocks
That name gotta be registered and placed on neighborhood watch
I lean on you niggas like another line of Wock'
All eyes on me, and I'ma send it up to
Pac
(Ayy)
Put the wrong label on me, I'ma get 'em
dropped
(Ayy)
Sweet Chin Music and I won't pass the
aux
(Ayy)
How many stocks do I really have in stock? (Ayy)
One, two, three, four, five, plus five (Ayy)
Devil is a
lie
, he a 69
God
(Ayy)
Freaky-ass niggas need to stay they ass in
side
(Ayy)
Ayy, my nigga (Ayy)
Ahh, outside (Ayy)
Hold up, LA, tap in this motherfucker

[Chorus]
Ayy
They not like
us
, they not like
us
, they not like
us
Yeah
They not like
us
, they not like
us
,
they not like us

[Verse 3]
Ayy, once upon a time, all of us was enslaved
Homie still doubled down callin' us some
slaves
Atlanta was the Mecca, buildin' railroads and trains
Bear with me for a second, let me put y'all on
game
The white men was usin' townfolk to make 'em richer
Fast-forward, 2024, you got the same a
genda
I run to Atlanta when you need a, ah
Ayy, you called Future when you didn't see the
club
Lil Baby helped you get your lingo
up
21 gave you false street
cred
Thug made you feel like you a slime in your
head
Hahahaha, just—
You run to Atlanta when you need a check balance
No, you not a colleague, you a fuckin' colo
nizer
The family matter and the truth of the matter
It was God's plan to show y'all the
liar

[Bridge]
Ayy, what [?] is that?
What [?] is that? Here we go
He a fan, he a fan, he a
fan
Ayy
Freaky-ass
nigga
, he the
69 God
Freaky-ass
nigga, he a 69 God
Hey, hey, hey, hey,
run for your life
Hey, hey, hey, hey,
run for your life
Freaky-ass
nigga
, he the 69
God
Freaky-ass
nigga
, he the 69
God
Hey, hey, hey, hey,
run for your life
Hey, smack, let me hear you say
Hey, hey, hey, hey,
run for your life
"OV-ho" (OV-ho)
"OV-ho" (OV-ho)
Then step, step
Then step, step

[Outro]
Are you my friend?
Are we
locked in?
Then step, step
Then step, step
Hold on, yeah
Bring my nigga up, bring my nigga up
Hold on, yup
Uh-huh
Are you my friend?
Are we locked in?
Then step
this way
, step
that way
Then step
this way
, Dee

[Part IV]

[Intro]
(Psst, I see dead people)
(Mustard on the beat, ho)

[Verse 1]
Ayy, Mustard on the beat, ho
Deebo any rap nigga, he a free throw
Man down, call an amberlamps, tell him, "Breathe, bro"
Nail a nigga to the cross, he walk around like Teezo
What's up with these jabroni-ass niggas tryna see Compton?
The industry can hate me, fuck 'em all and they mama
How many opps you really got? I mean, it's too many options
I'm finna pass on this body, I'm John Stockton
Beat your ass and hide the Bible if God watchin'
Sometimes you gotta pop out and show niggas
Certified boogeyman, I'm the one that up the score with 'em
Walk him down, whole time, I know he got some ho in him
Pole on him, extort shit, bully Death Row on him
Say, Drake, I hear you like 'em young
You better not ever go to cell block one
To any bitch that talk to him and they in love
Just make sure you hide your lil' sister from him
They tell me Chubbs the only one that get your hand-me-downs
And Party at the party playin' with his nose now
And Baka got a weird case, why is he around?
Certified Lover Boy? Certified pedophiles
Wop, wop, wop, wop, wop,
Dot, fuck 'em up
Wop, wop, wop, wop, wop,
I'ma do my stuff
Why you trollin' like a bitch? Ain't you tired?
Tryna strike a chord and it's probably A minor

[Chorus]
They not like us, they not like us, they not like us
They not like us, they not like us, they not like us

[Verse 2]
You think the Bay gon' let you disrespect Pac, nigga?
I think that Oakland show gon' be your last stop, nigga
Did Cole fouI, I don't know why you still pretendin'
What is the owl? Bird niggas and bird bitches, go
The audience not dumb
Shape the stories how you want, hey, Drake, they're not slow
Rabbit hole is still deep, I can go further, I promise
Ain't that somethin'? B-Rad stands for bitch and you Malibu most wanted
Ain't no law, boy, you ball boy, fetch Gatorade or somethin'
Since 2009, I had this bitch jumpin'
You niggas'll get a wedgie
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by DJ Khalil]

[Intro]
Greeting boys and girls (Greetings boys and girls)
My name is Petey P (My name is Petey P)
Kendrick's childhood imaginary friend (That’s right, that's right, that's right)
I am your neighbor (I am your neighbor)
And I’d like to welcome you to good kid, m.A.A.d city (good kid, m.A.A.d city)
So grab your cartoons and cereal (And sing)
Your pop guns and fireworks (And sing)
And sing along (Along)

[Chorus]
When we grow up we gon' go and get us a million
Spend it all in front of the county building
Blow it like Coltrane, blow it like Coltrane, yeah
Sing along kids, sing along
When we grow up we gon' go and get us a million
Spend it all in front of the county building
Blow it like Coltrane, blow it like Coltrane, yeah

[Verse 1]
Kendrick, you remember that one time when we was...
I’ve been waiting on this day since Dr. Dre and Pac
Was on Rosecrans in that burger stand at '95
People staring at 'em in amazement
Reservations at the Days Inn
We was living out a hotel at the time
Breakfast, lunch and dinner, chicken from Kentucky Fried
Mama babysitting Section 8 vouchers the move
When nothing else to lose but a burger flipping job
Close my eyes inside the swap meet and imagine it's a mansion
Gold ballroom, AK-47 dancin'
Howling at the moon, what’s a pack of hungry babies?
Hope you feed us soon, bite your back, you die of rabies
Everyday we pray to eat at the table at Sizzlers
But never make the visit,
if better days was on its way
Then they make the decision, to make the wrong turn
So for now we heat this skillet so this canned food can burn
Oh yeah, I remember that, it- it was the ravioli with the hot sauce in it, right
?

[Chorus]
When we grow up we gon' go and get us a million
Am I right?
Spend it all in front of the county building
Oh!
Blow it like Coltrane, blow it like Coltrane, yeah
Don't forget to sing along by the way, sing along
When we grow up we gon' go and get us a million
Spend it all in front of the county building
Blow it like Coltrane, blow it like Coltrane, yeah

[Bridge]
And all the ghetto children in the world say, “that’s my car” (Aye, oh)
All the ghetto boys say, “that’s my car” (Aye, oh)
All the ghetto girls say, “that’s my car” (Aye, oh)
When we grow up, when we grow up (Aye, oh)
Ghetto children in the world say, “that’s my car” (Aye, oh)
All the ghetto boys say, “that’s my car” (Aye, oh)
All the ghetto girls say, “that’s my car” (Aye, oh)
When we grow up, when we grow up (Aye, oh)

[Verse 2]
Nigga you remember the smoke and the burning buildings and shit?
Couple stolen T.V.'s and a seat belt for my safety (Uh-huh)
Played the passenger I think it’s five years after eighty (Yeah, yeah that)
Seven, do the math, ‘92, don’t you be lazy (I won't)
Looking out the window, notice all the essentials
Of a block party that stop for a second, then it rekindle
Like a flame from a trick candle,
everybody got dental
Insurance ‘cause we ‘bout to floss, you get that couch I sent you?
I heard that from a block away, probably had credentials
Of a scholar but, shit, not today, them Dayton Spokes was his to take
Refrigerators, barbecue pits, and Jordan kicks
They did invasions while helicopters recorded it
Hello Mi-Mister Miyagi,
I want them Kenwood woofers
Say that you got me, if not, I’ll dig in your drawer for it
The swap meet was the bulls' eye like Tauruses
Murder was the melody you should know what the chorus is
"Papa, you really telling me we can just get some more of it
If we run out?" He said, "Lil' nigga, today the poor is rich
Don’t tell your mom that you seen a Molotov bomb
If she ask just know you have to lie and son don’t forget
Bitches ain’t shit, hoes ain’t neither
Niggas gon' snitch, watch the company you keeping
And one day you’ll put money in the ghetto when you got it
Rather than having to hustle off these Rodney King riots"
That- that’s right the mothafuckin’ Rodney King...
You was with your daddy on Bullis Road

[Chorus]
When we grow up we gon' go and get us a million
That's crazy
Spend it all in front of the county building
Blow it like Coltrane, blow it like Coltrane
Don't forget, still sing along kids, still sing along
When we grow up we gon' go and get us a million
Please sing
Spend it all in front of the county building
Blow it like Coltrane, blow it like Coltrane
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Introduction: Woody Harrelson]
Ladies and gentlemen! My man, Kendrick Lamar!

[Kendrick & Background Vocalists]
Livin' in America
Thuggin' in the trap
Livin' in a groove
Watchin' TV

[Kendrick]
Dedicated to the homies in the pen', hit me!

[Intro]
I done been through a whole lot
Trial, tribulation, but I know God
The Devil wanna put me in a bow tie
Pray that the holy water don't go dry, yay yay
As I look around me
So many motha- wanna down me
But an enemigo never drown me
In front of a dirty double-mirror they found me

[Chorus]
(And I love myself)
Uh, when you lookin' at me, uh, tell me what do you see?
(I love myself)
Ahh, I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the police
(I love myself)
Uh, illuminated by the hand of God, boy think they high
(I love myself)
Uh, one day at a time, sun gon' shine

[Verse 1]
Everybody lookin' at you crazy (Crazy)
What you gon' do? (What you gon' do?)
Lift up your head and keep moving (Keep moving)
Or let the paranoia haunt you? (Haunt you)
Peace to fashion police, I wear my heart
On my sleeve, let the runway start
You know the miserable do love company
What do you want from me and my scars?
Everybody lack confidence, everybody lack confidence
How many times my potential was anonymous?
How many times the city making me promises?
So I promise this, huh

[Chorus]
(I love myself)
Uh, when you lookin' at me, tell me what do you see?
(I love myself)
Ahh, I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the police
(I love myself)
Uh, illuminated hands of God, boy don't seem shy
(I love myself)
One day at a time, sun gon' shine

[Verse 2]
When they say it's a war outside, bomb in the street
Gun in the hood, mob of police
Rock on the corner with a line full of fiend
And a bottle full of lean and a model on a scheme
(These days of frustration keep y'all on tuck and rotation)
Ah man
(I duck these cold faces, post up fi-fie-fo-fum basis)
Uh, dreams of reality's peace
Blow steam in the face of the beast
Sky could fall down, the wind could cry now
The strong in me, I still smile

[Chorus]
(I love myself)
Huh, when you lookin' at me, uh, tell me what do you see?
(I love myself)
Ahh, I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the police
(I love myself)
Uh, illuminated by the hand of God, boy don't be shy
(I love myself)
One day at a time, sun gon' shine, everybody, hit me!

[Bridge]
(Walk my bare feet, walk my bare feet)
(Down, down valley deep, down, down valley deep)
(Fi-fie-fo-fum, fi-fie-fo-fum)
(My heart undone, my heart undone)

[Interlude]
Oh man, hey check this out, this a real Compton thing goin' on right now,
ya feel what I'm talkin' bout? Ya dig that? Sometimes I just get a little bit beside myself, you know what I'm talkin' bout?
This here's the return of Enoch,
and we gonna do it to you like this
, here we go: one, two, three, hit me!

[Original Chorus]
And I love myself
(The world is a ghetto with big guns and picket signs)
I love myself
(But it can do what it want whenever it want, I don't mind)
I love myself
(He said I gotta get up, life is more than suicide)
I love myself
(One day at a time, sun gon' shine)

[Verse 3]
I went to war last night
With an automatic weapon, don't nobody call a medic
I'ma do it till I get it right
War last night
I've been dealing with depression, duckin' every other blessin'
I could never see the message, I could--
I could never take the lead, never bob and weave
Negative letting them annihilate me
Evident I'm moving at a meteor speed
Finna run into a building, lay my--
Money in the ceiling lay my body in the street
Glory to the feeling of the holy unseen
Glory to the feeling of the holy unseen
Seen enough, make everybody scream, "I love myself!"

[Original Outro]
I lost my head
I must've misread what the good book said
Oh woes keep me, it's a jungle inside
Give myself again 'til the well runs dry (One, two, chicken wing!)

[Interlude]
Ah man, ay, ay homie, I told you it's straight up a Compton thing, ya dig what I'm talkin' bout? And this here is dedicated to the homies. Y'all feel what I'm saying? And sometimes I just get beside myself.
The return of the Enoch is back, you hear what I'm talkin' bout?

[Verse 4]
Uh, I've been lookin' for you my whole life, appetite
For this feeling I can barely describe, where you reside?
In a woman, is it in money, or mankind?
Something's got me losing my mind
Where you at? From the front to the back
I'm lookin' for you, I react only when you react
I thought I found you back in the ghetto
When I was 17 with the .38 Special
Maybe you're in a dollar bill, maybe you're not real
Maybe only the wealthy get to know how you feel
Maybe I'm paranoid, ha, maybe I don't need you anyway
Don't lie to me, I'm suicidal any day
I could be your advocate
I could speak for you if you tell me what the matter is
I could preach for you with the mighty tongue
I'm the one, how can I, overcome
Negative energy while I give infinitely and survive?!
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Kanye West with Stalone ]
Forever, yeah
Can you hear me? Yeah
Forever, yeah
Forever,
forever, no
Oh yeah, glory, glory, glory
Glory, glory, glory, glory

[Spoken Word: Donda West, Ka nye West , Kanye West & Stalone ]
It feels good to be home
And to all of you, I thank you so much for your support
For your support of me for so many years
And more importantly, for the work you continue to do
What do you want me to talk about?
Well, he said something that was a little bit dangerous
He told me I could talk about anything I wanted to
And you know, I am my son's mother
The man I describe in the introduction as being so decidedly different
My son
( When you're runnin' outta timе and you're not outta time )
And what made thе project extra special to me is
I got a chance to share not only what he has meant to me
But what he has meant to a generation
( Change the time )
As one writer said, we came from somewhere
Not just from the wombs of our mothers and the seeds of our fathers
But from a long line of generations who came before us

[Chorus: The World Famous Tony Williams & Sunday Service Choir ]
It's the kingdom ( It's the kingdom )
And the power ( And the power )
And the glory ( And the glory )
Forever ( Forever )
It's the kingdom ( It's the kingdom )
And the power ( And the power )
And the glory ( And the glory )
Forever ( Forever )

[Outro: Kanye West & Stalone, Donda West ]
Forever, yeah
Forever, yeah
Forever, forever, no
Oh yeah, glory, glory, glory
What did I teach him?
(Glory)
And why Kanye ain't scared?
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
My Mind Drifts Lyrics
The song was produced by the Quartermaine.
As my mind drift and then split
Like the middle of a spliff
I begin to catapult off the cliff of the unknown
I got a feeling in my funny bone–that we're not the same
Just antonyms of another age
My soul flock with the carefree
Words of the wise, I spoke a hundred times like a gold D
Haha LMFAO
I hate y'all, but I spread love like mayo
Then spread slugs
My brain matter is a brain phantom
See my vision, or my vision'll stare at ya
This is the future if I say so
You copping fitted caps, I'm about to go and cop a halo
The God of rap and I mean it
And I play football with Mars, and marbles with Pluto and Venus
Witness the genius
– I interact
With the inner city villains that enters your system like a computer hack
Then give you dap
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Beastie Boys sample ]
Hello!
Brooklyn!

[Chorus: Lil Wayne & Jay-Z ]
Hello, Brooklyn ( Uh-huh ), how you doing? ( Yeah )
Where you going? Can I come too? ( Uh-huh )
And If I can ( Woo! ), I'ma be your man
You could be my lady, and have my baby
And drive my cars ( Cars ), and drive me crazy ( So crazy )
Wherever you going ( Where you going? ), baby girl, just take me ( Uh-huh )
'Cause I'm so taken, if you taken ( I'm so taken )
I'm just saying ( Woo! ), baby, I'm just saying

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Like a mama, you birth me; Brooklyn, you nursed me
Schooled me with hard knocks,
better than Berkeley
They said you'd murk me by the time I was 21
That shit disturbed me, but you never hurt me
Hello, Brooklyn, if we had a daughter
Guess what I'ma call her? Brooklyn Carter
When I left you for Virginia, it didn't offend you
'Cause you know I only stepped out to get dinner
And I'm eating, so much, I bought extra
So much so that dinner's now turned into breakfast
I only roll Lexus to hug your road
I love your corners,
I'm half your soul

[Chorus: Lil Wayne & Lil Wayne & Jay-Z ]
Hello, Brooklyn
, how you doing?
Where you going? Can I come too?
And If I can, I'ma be your man
You could be my lady and have my baby
And drive my cars, and drive me crazy
Wherever you going, baby girl, just take me
'Cause I'm so taken if you taken
I'm just saying, baby, I'm just saying

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Hello, Brooklyn, what's your story?
She said she eating on the run, but she ain't Nore'
She said she got a man but he ain't worried
But baby, I'ma have to rob him like Horry
She said she love B.I.G., and she like 2Pac
And when I said Jay-Z, she say, "It's the Roc!"
And I'ma leave it like this—like this, like that
Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?
Have you seen her?
And when she tell you something, you better believe her
She told me she like my New Orleans demeanor
And so, I said, "Goodbye, Katrina"

[Bridge: Lil Wayne & Jay-Z ]
And "Hello, Brooklyn!" Buh-baby, you are
The sweetest sight eyes could see
I said, "Hello, Brooklyn!" Buh-baby
I hope you never say goodbye to me
I said, "Hello, Brooklyn!" Buh-buh-baby, you are ( Woo! )
So damn fine to me
And I remember the time ( Time ), place ( Place )
And the weather ( And, woo! )
On the day you said, "Hi," to me
And I say, "Hello, Brooklyn!"

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Brooklyn, you crazy; look how you made me
Razor blades in my mouth, walking 'round, behaving—
All demented; black hoodies and Timberland-ed
Always scheming—"You see the gleam on that nigga's pendant?"
(Hello, Brooklyn) You bad influence, look what you had me doing
But I ain't mad at you (Haha), look at my attitude
It says my life's too real, check out my ice grill
Baby, I'm cold as ice, like I'm from Brownsville
But my Bed's in the Stuy,
though I'll lie flat in your bush
'Til we smoke a C.I.,
"What up" to the boy, B.I.?
You know I handle B-I,
I don't half-step on the 'caine
Ask the dreads 'bout I, how you gwaan 'so?
She like it hardcore, so I grind slow
Iller than Albee Square Mall back in the 9-0
My fine ho, we got some victims to catch
So in a couple years, baby, I'ma bring you some Nets (Woo!)

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Hello, Brooklyn, how you doing? (Yeah)
Where you going? Can I come too?
And If I can, I'ma be your man
You could be my lady, and have my baby
And drive my cars (Errr!), and drive me crazy (Errr!)
Wherever you goin' baby girl, just take me
'Cause I'm so taken if you taken
I'm just saying, baby, I'm just saying (Yeah)

[Bridge: Lil Wayne]
And hello, Brooklyn, buh-buh-baby, you are
The sweetest thing eyes could see
Hello, Brooklyn
Baby, I hope you never say goodbye to me
I said, "Hello, Brooklyn," buh-baby you are
So damn fine to me
But I remember the time, place, and the weather
On the day she said hi to me
And I said, "Hello, Brooklyn"
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Jay-Z]
Young Hov in the house, it's so necessary
Green Lantern in the house, so necessary
Why you fronting on me? Is that necessary?
You know you've become a star
Because you're the biggest target out there, right?
When everyone's on the court, they're coming for you
When the opposing player walks into that arena
They're thinkin of upstaging you
You're, you're like a trophy to them
They're thinkin' "if I'm better than this guy
The spotlight turns on me"
So, you know you're a superstar because you're a marked man
And everyone's coming for you
[ Run DMC sample ]
The, the, the king
They wanna be the, the, the king
They wanna be the, the, the king
They wanna be the, the, the king (king)

[Verse 1: Jay-Z ( Chris Martin )]
Inspired by Basquiat
,
my chariot's on fire
Everybody took shots, hit my body up, I'm tired
Build me up to break me down to build me up again
They like "Hov', we need you back so we can kill your ass again"
Hov got flow though he's no Big and Pac, but he's close
How I'm 'posed to win? They got me fighting ghosts
Most kings (... get their heads cut off )
With the same sword they knight you they gon' good night you with
Shit, that's only half if they like you
That ain't even the half what they might do
Don't believe me, ask Michael
See Martin, see Malcolm
See Biggie, see Pac, see success and its outcome
See Jesus, see Judas
See Caesar, see Brutus
See success is like suicide
Suicide, it's a suicide
When you succeed, prepare to be crucified, uhh
Media meddles,
niggas sue you, you settle
Every step you take, they remind you you ghetto
So it's tough being Bobby Brown
To be Bobby then, you gotta be Bobby now
Now the question is, "Is to have had and lost
Better than not having at all?"
Because dawg

[Chorus: Chris Martin & Run DMC sample ]
Most kings get their heads cut off
Keep on climbing 'til you reach the top
Keep on coming if they ready or not
Most kings get their heads cut off
The, the, the king
They wanna be the, the, the king
They wanna be

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Uhh, everybody wanna be the king then shots ring
You laying on your balcony with holes in your dream
Or you Malcolm X-d out, get distracted by screams
Everybody get your hand off my jeans
Everybody look at you strange, say you changed
Like you work that hard to stay the same, uhh
Game stays the same, the name changes
So it's best for those to not overdose on being famous
Most kings get driven so insane
That they try to hit the same vein that Kurt Cobain did
So dangerous, so no strangers
Invited to the inner sanctum of your chambers
Load chambers, the enemy's approaching
So raise your draw bridge and drown 'em in the moat
Then, spirit I'm evoking
There's kings who've been awoken
From shots from those who was most close to them
They won't stop until you ghost to 'em
But real kings don't die
They become martyrs, let's toast to 'em
King Arthur,
put a robe to him
Like James Brown, no the show ain't over
Until Rome's ruined
'Til the republic is overthrown
'Til my loyal subjects is over Hov'
Long live the king,
no, the reign won't stop
They want my head on the chopping block
I won't die, nah

[Chorus: Chris Martin, Jay-Z & Run DMC sample ]
Most kings get their heads cut off
Keep on climbing 'til you reach the top
Keep on coming if they ready or not
Most kings get their heads cut off
Keep on coming if they ready or not
Long live the king, know the reign won't stop
The, the, the king
They wanna be the, the, the king
They wanna be
Long live
the, the, the king
They wanna be the, the, the king
They wanna be
Most kings get their heads cut off
Keep on climbing 'til you reach the top
Keep on coming if they ready or not
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Stand Down (Dead Homies) Lyrics
Lyrics from Snippet

[Intro: Kendrick Lamar]
Ay, on my momma, nigga
(R.I.P. Pac doe)
I'ma be the greatest to ever do this shit
On my momma doe, like
On the dead homies
Ay, Sounwave, turn this shit up, nigga!
Turn this shit up, Sounwave, turn this shit up, nigga!

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Tell me who the bitch nigga hatin' on me?
Jumpin' on my dick but this dick ain't free
To Pimp A Butterfly
another classic CD
Ghetto lullaby for everyone they MC
Blow blow
blow
blow blow
Nigga now R.I.P, my diligence is only meant to write your eulogy
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Blame God Lyrics

[Intro: Kendrick Lamar]
Been ready
Jay, I been ready
HOV, I been ready
They say patience

[Verse 1: Kendrick]
Everybody wanna know why my game plan so strong
Cuz' I ain't gotta think with a light bulb on
Nigga I eat, sleep, and shit rap; I never relax, been a busybody since I was born
"Is he really fucking with Sean?"
I reply, "His pick, I would take a tool on."
Dolce brown nigga, I'm right now, you ain't gotta wait later
Where the CD at? Put it in the disc player
Tell ho ride to it, I do it like none other
K-Dot, definition of a young motherfucker with a problem
"Future of the West Coast" I am
And that's real tough
Southern California, Angels, AKA LA Sharks
Make comparisons when I seen him duck
Man you think "What was to Pac and Big, before?"
And that was before
I picked up a pen, and when I did, my thumb and my index sore
And then I started writing with it
Found that it flows better, like a Venice Beach sea shore
He don't wear the same clothes as ya'll
He is cut from a different cloth
Ya boy is cool, but I'm a different frost
Like igloo, every time I come off
Every time I take off
Pandemonium when I take off
They hanging on the wing of that G4
30,000 feet and still won't fall
Why you do that for?
Why you had to sell out that store
You made my record sales come up short
My reply is that it ain't my fault
Blame God

[Chorus: Kendrick]
I can't wait when its my time (I'm coming)
No I take that back, cuz' I got time (I'm coming)
I know that patience is virtue
But that being said, you got time before I hurt you
No lie (No lie)
I can't wait when its my time (My time)
No I take that back, cuz' I got time (Got Time)
I know that patience is virtue
But that being said, you got time before I hurt you
No lie (No lie)

[Verse 2: Kendrick]
When the lights get dark
And every body quiet, know its my part
I might start a riot
The main event
Bulletproof under that black tent, you can't shoot through shit
I never played the bench
Star Point Guard
Never pass up money, I'm a ball hog
Touch anything I get my hands on, into pushin' like Ray Charles
I never had no flaws
"Ooos" and "Ahhs" after every bar
Take your bitch, then give her back
For no reason for, just because, ya'll actin hard
I'm bein myself
And I got some plastic under my belt, so rest assured
You don't want your moms thinkin' bout pullin' that hospital cord
Went from a Honda Accord, to a Bentley Azure
Back seat got a flock of broads
And I ain't gotta say to kiss it, just like "Sure"
Momma gon' clean or fix it
Use Terrific, Easter Brum????????
All it need is a little season on
Who said a veteran can't be so young?
I sound better than half ya'll on
Damn K. Dot, let me see your arm
I ain't gotta do a show, my jewels perform
I ain't gotta do a show, my jewels perform
Princess cut looks stupid dumb
Eyes close shut, all I see is dollar signs
And I won't get enough till I'm layed in the grave or hand cuffed up bout one time
No Lie
Blame God

[Chorus: Kendrick]
I can't wait when its my time (I'm coming)
No I take that back, cuz' I got time (I'm coming)
I know that patience is virtue
But that being said, you got time before I hurt you
No lie (No lie)
I can't wait when its my time (My time)
No I take that back, cuz' I got time (Got Time)
I know that patience is virtue
But that being said, you got time before I hurt you
No lie (No lie)
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Daft Punk, Hudson Mohawke, Kanye West & Mike Dean]

[Intro: Capelton]
Blazin', mi don't want dem
Mi need dem
Blazin
Suh mi tek har outta bugah red and put her in a tall skirt
And now she find out what life is really worth
No to X rated
Yo mi tek har outta bugah red and put her in a tall skirt
And now, she find out what life is really worth
No to X rated

[Refrain: Kanye West]
I am a God
I am a God
I am a God

[Chorus: Kanye West]
I am a God
Hurry up with my damn massage
Hurry up with my damn ménage
Get the Porsche out the damn garage
I am a God
Even though I'm a man of God
My whole life in the hand of God
So y'all better quit playin' with God

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Soon as they like you make 'em unlike you
'Cause kissin' people ass is so unlike you
The only rapper compared to Michael
So here's a few hatin'-ass niggas to fight you
And here's a few snake-ass niggas to bite you
And I don't even wanna hear 'bout what niggas might do
Old niggas mentally still in high school
Since the tight jeans, they ain't never liked you
Pink-ass polos with a fuckin' backpack
But everybody know you brought real rap back
Nobody had swag, man, we the Rat Pack
Virgil, Pyrex, Don C snapback
Ibn diamond, Chi-town shinin'
Monop' in this bitch again, changed the climate
Hop in this bitch to give Saint the garment
Until the day I get struck by lightning

[Chorus: Kanye West]
I am a God
So hurry up with my damn massage
In a French-ass restaurant
Hurry up with my damn croissants

[Refrain: Kanye West]
I am a God
I am a God
I am a God

[Bridge: Kanye West]
Ah!
Ah!

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I just talked to Jesus
He said, "What up, Yeezus?"
I said, "Shit, I'm chillin'
Tryna stack these millions"
I know He the Most High
But I am a close high
Mi casa, su casa
That's our cosa nostra

[Refrain: Kanye West]
I am a God
I am a God
I am a God

[Bridge: Kanye West]
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!

[Outro: Justin Vernon]
Ain't no way I'm givin' up, I'm a God
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
Fa—
( Perfect )
Fa—
Fa—
Fa—
I told, I told, ayy-ayy, I told you

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Up in the mornin', miss you bad
Sorry I ain't call you back, same problem my father had
All this time, all he had, all he had
And what he dreamed, all his cash
Market crashed, hurt him bad
People get divorced for that
Dropped some stacks, pops is good
Mama passed in Hollywood
If you ask, lost my soul
Drivin' fast, lost control
Off the road, jaw was broke
'Member we all was broke
'Member I'm comin' back
I'll be takin' all the stacks, oh

[Verse 2: Desiigner & Kanye West ]
I got broads in Atlanta
Twistin' dope, lean, and the Fanta
Stacks, oh
Credit cards and the scammers
Hittin' off licks in the bando
Takin' all the stacks, oh
Black X6, Phantom
White X6 looks like a panda
Stacks, oh
Going out like I'm Montana
Hundred killers, hundred hammers
Black X6, Phantom
White X6, panda
Pockets swole, Danny
Sellin' bar, candy
Man, I'm the macho like Randy
The chopper go Oscar for Grammy
Bitch nigga, pull up ya panty
Hope you killas understand me

[Chorus: Kanye West & Desiigner ]
I just wanna feel liberated, I, I, I ( Hey )
I just wanna feel liberated, I, I, I ( Panda, panda )
Panda, panda, panda, panda
Takin' all the stacks, oh

[Verse 3: Desiigner & Kanye West ]
I got broads in Atlanta
Twist the dope, lean and shit, sippin' Fanta
Stacks, oh
Credit cards and the scammers
Wake up Versace, shit like Desiigner
Takin' all the stacks, oh
Whole bunch of lavish shit
They be askin' 'round town who be clappin' shit
I be pullin' up stuff in the Phantom ship
I got plenty of stuff of Bugatti, whip look how I try this shit
Black X6, Phantom
White X6, killin' on camera

[Interlude: Pastor T. L. Barrett]
My joy

[Bridge: Caroline Shaw]
How can I find you?
Who do you turn to?
How do I bind you?

[Outro: Pastor T. L. Barrett]
If I don't turn to you
No other help I know, I stretch my hands
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Warning Shot Lyrics
This is the 14th Track of Kendrick’s Unreleased Mixtape, from 2011.

[Intro]
Come on
Yeah
Punch, what's happening brother?
Niggas be poppin' that shit at me like it's something new to me or something, know what I'm talking about
I tell a nigga quick, that shit just a rerun to me, nigga
I've been doing this shit since Vanguard, brother
And tell me what's happening with it
Niggas hate on me but hop right on my dick as soon as they see me
Soon as they see me, they be like

[Verse 1]
What up doc
That's what they tell me every second around the clock
Everytime I clock in, rappers checkin' they watch
Studio paid for, hours unlimited
Assholes, how many MC's I knock off they payroll?
How many God MC's I knock off they halo?
Hip-Hop ain’t dead, consumers changed up
Rappers love to see gold like the end of a rainbow
I stay low, like my socks under my ankles
Play the back like a turtle shell, know well
That my team got me if I ever slack on my shit, so if I fall?
Guess what, I don't even trip
It's like that, crushin' little battle raps
Punchlines, I did that in '99, you think it's a gold mine when you think of one
You think you hot, but I think you done
Like Queens, New York slang, look what the killer brung
Machine guns to a fight, fucking right
Pay the bill or I'm turning out your lights, good night
I shatter niggas' dreams, thinkin' they the West Coast kings
Till I drop like visine, tell a nigga quick, it ain't always what it seems
Like the stitching on swap meet jeans
I'm itching to scratch a whack rapper, gun clapper, snuff him like a rude capper
Got a cool bladder, but I'm pissed off, at ya

[Hook]
The real is back
Fuck the artificial, won't you let the realers rap
They scribble in they notebooks, me? I state facts
Safe estate, they know where the best be at
Whenever I ask, "Are you not entertained?"
Body any nigga that wanna holla my name
And what, no cut, this is Top Dawg gang
What the fuck, everybody else, pull your panties up

[Verse 2]
Nigga said he'd snatch my chain in the streets
What chain? I barely wear jewelry
So I ever had one, you barely seen it on me
And if I ever had a gun, you wouldn't know it was on me
So snatch it and then you're done
I'm in a studio, just sipping on Parmesan
Thinkin' about who could fuck with Kenny and Paula's son
I live this shit, try stop me, you won't live to shit properly
Catch four between your abdomen
Next time you see me, don't ask me who I'm collabin' with
Between me and you, some of the new West is actresses
New hate activists, lowkey can't stand our shit
But still we continue to drink laxatives
Cold blooded, make the label hand me your budget
This is mine don't touch (pow pow), did I stutter?
Catch two, cats knew, I been a gorilla, welcome to the zoo
Yup, you little monkeys know what it do, come test me

[Hook]
The real is back
Fuck the artificial, won't you let the realers rap
They scribble in they notebooks, me? I state facts
Safe estate, they know where the best be at
Whenever I ask, "Are you not entertained?"
Body, any nigga that wanna holla my name
And what, no cuts, this is Top Dawg gang
What the fuck, everybody else, pull your panties up

[Verse 3]
Dayum, you killin' 'em K-Dizzle
And if you don't kill 'em, then you send 'em to hospitals
Sleepin' on a recliner bed, with a thin pillow
I'm with a white bitch, ass like a black widow
Bet I dribble to the end of my lifeline
So when I die, you can say I balled for a long time
The 0-8 Frankenstein, beast like Sasquatch
Feet size thirty-six, steppin' on Hip-Hop 'cause that's my bitch
I write a rhyme, then she ride my dick
The girl is mine, I don't know the ho that you with
You niggas know this, I'm way better than I've ever been
So focused, like a sniper when he zoom in
What's your motive?
I bet it's to go against, like the GT
Get your bitch ass bit, all on these streets
I'm the almighty K, Compton
Rep it 'til my very death day, let the reaper in his face
And recite every song from NWA
I pay homage for those great who paved the way
Wait, back to the subject of who's, and who doesn't do what I do
Bluffin' until I touch 'em like a masseuse do
Nothing compares to me, but the throne, so tell 'em bring the chair to me
I'm a rare bully, small nigga but I handle y'all niggas like I'm eight feet tall
Nigga
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Kanye West]
Yeah-yeah, 9:08 L.A. time
Back in the lab and shit

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
My wife said I can't say no to nobody
And at this rate, we gon' both die broke
Got friends that ask me for money knowin' I'm in debt
And like my wife said, I still didn't say no
People tryna say I'm goin' crazy on Twitter
My friends' best advice was to stay low
I guess it's hard to decipher all of the bills
Especially when you got family members on payroll
The media said it was outlandish spendin'
The media said he's way out of control
I just feel like I'm the only one not pretendin'
I'm not out of control, I'm just not in their control
I know I'm the most influential
That
TIME
cover was just confirmation
This generation's closest thing to Einstein
So don't worry about me, I'm fine
I can see a thousand years from now in real life
Skate on the paradigm and shift it when I feel like
Troll conventional thought, don't need to question
I know it's antiquated so sometimes I get aggressive
Thank God for Jay Electra, he down with the mission
Did it with no permission, on our own conditions
Most blacks with money have been beaten to submission
Yeezy with the big house, did it way different
Never listen to Hollywood producers
Don't stare at money too long, it's Medusa
The ultimate Gemini has survived
I wasn't supposed to make it past 25

[Chorus: Sampha]
Yeah, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
Wonderin' whether God's gonna say hi
Oh, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
And you wonder where is God in your nightlife
Yeah, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
(Father, Father, Father in the night sky)
Wonderin' whether God's gonna say hi
Yeah, I feel like I'm home, yeah, yeah

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I've been wakin' the spirits of millions more to come
A million illegally downloaded my truth over the drums
I believe in the children, listen to the kids, bro
If the phone ringin', go and get your kids, ho
Brother Don Muhammad told the minister about the presentation
He sat back and smiled
Black on black lies is worse than black on black crime
The Jews share their truth on how to make a dime
Most black men couldn't balance a checkbook
But buy a new car, talkin' 'bout, "How my neck look?"
Well, it all looks great
Four hundred years later, we buyin' our own chains
The light is before us brothers, so the devil workin' hard
Real family stick together and see through the mirage
The smokescreens, perceptions of false reality
Who the real owner if your boss gets a salary?
I am one with the people
I am one with the people ( Real! )
I've been woken from enlightened man's dream
Checkin' Instagram comments to crowdsource my self-esteem
Let me not say too much or do too much
'Cause if I'm up way too much, I'm out of touch
I'm prayin' a out-of-body experience will happen
So the people can see my light, now it's not just rappin'
God, I have humbled myself before the court
Drop my ego when confidence was my last resort
I know, I know He got a plan, I know I'm on Your beams
One set of footsteps, You was carryin' me
When I turned on the news and they was buryin' me
One set of footsteps, You was carryin' me
When I was negotiatin' with Apple, it was Larry and me
Told Tim Cook to call me, I was scary to see
I would've took a hundred million and gave twenty to Hov
I heard it's the way they did it when we only had a stove
But it's better that I stayed at home with my folks
'Cause if Jay a billionaire then I'ma never go broke
Only thing I ask is next time I'm on stage we all go
We all go
Not just by myself, lookin' for niggas like where's Waldo
She got the same shoes as my wife but she copped 'em at Aldo
Modern-day MJ, with a off-the-wall flow

[Bridge: Sampha]
Nightlife, walk all over me
Walk all over me
I'm deliverin' everything I've ever sent that you'll bring
Fly, fly, fly overseas
Fly overseas
Oh, anywhere, everything but in between
Oh, yeah

[Chorus: Sampha]
Yeah, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
Wonderin' whether God's gonna say hi
Oh, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
And you wonder where is God in your nightlife
Yeah, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
Wonderin' whether God's gonna say hi
(Father, Father, Father in the night sky)
Oh, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
And you wonder where is God in your nightlife
(Father, Father, Father in the night sky)

[Verse 3: Sampha]
Please face me when I speak
Please say to me somethin' before you leave
You've been treatin' me like I'm invisible, now I'm visible to you
Oh, the invisible truth stay sober
I can't quite understand the games you play
Understand, understand, understand I'm standin' under oath
And I promised I, I wouldn't fall anymore
But I'm cryin' at the bar
I'm wishin' that you saw my scars, man
I'm wishin' that you came down here and stood by me
And looked at me like you knew me
But I feel so alone
Like I don't know anyone except the night sky above

[Chorus: Sampha]
Yeah, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
Wonderin' whether God's gonna say hi
Oh, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
And you wonder where is God in your nightlife
Yeah, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
(Father, Father, Father in the night sky)
Wonderin' whether God's gonna say hi
Oh, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
And you wonder where is God in your nightlife
(Father, Father, Father in the night sky)
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Marvin Gaye]
Dreamed of you this morning
Then came the dawn, and
I thought you were here with me
If you could only see
How much I love you
That's all, that's all, baby

[Chorus: Marvin Gaye & JAY-Z ]
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
But there's always— that's all, that's all, baby
( Uh, uh )

[Verse 1: JAY-Z]
This is the shit you dream about with the homies steaming out
Back-to-back, backing them Bimmers out
Seems as our plans to get a grant
Then go off to college didn't pan or even out
We need it now, we need a town
We need a place to pitch, we need a mound
For now, I'm just a lazy boy
Daydreaming in my La-Z-Boy
In the clouds of smoke, been playing this Marvin
Mama, forgive me, should be thinking about Harvard
But that's too far away, niggas is starving
Nothing wrong with my aim, just gotta change the target
I got dreams of bagging snid-ow the size of pillows
I see pies every time my eyes clid-ose
I see rides, sixes, I gotta get those
Life's a bitch, I hope to not make her a widow

[Chorus: Marvin Gaye & JAY-Z ]
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
American dreamin'
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
I'm just American dreamin'
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
American dreamin'
But there's always— that's all, that's all, baby
( Uh, uh )

[Verse 2: JAY-Z]
Now see the life's right there, and it seems right there
And it's not quite near, and it's not like we're
Professionals, moving the decimals
Know where to cop? Nah, got a connect? No
Who in the F knows how to be successful
Need a personal Jesus, I'm in Depeche Mode
They say its celestial, it's all in the stars
It's like Tony La Russa on how you play your cards
'Cause y'all ain't fucking with me, the ironies are
At all costs, better avoid these bars
Now let's start, on your mark
Get set, let's go, get out the car
Going in circles, it's a vicious cycle
This is a crash course, this ain't high school
Wake up, Muttley, you're dreaming again
Your own reality show, the season begins

[Chorus: Marvin Gaye & JAY-Z ]
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
American dreamin'
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
I'm just American dreamin'
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
American dreamin'
But there's always— that's all, that's all, baby

[Verse 3: JAY-Z]
Step one in this process, scramble up in your projects
And head to the heights where big coke is processed
You gotta convince 'em that you're not from the precinct
Please speak slow 'cause he no speaky no English
If he takes a liking after a couple of trips
And your money is straight, he's going to give you consignment
Now in the game where only time can tell
Survive the droughts, I wish you well— hold up
Survive the droughts? I wish you well?
How sick am I? I wish you health
I wish you wheels, I wish you wealth
I wish you insight so you could see for yourself
You could see the signs when the jackers is scheming
And the cops is coming, you could read they mind
You could see from behind, you could redefine
The game as we know it, one dream at a time
I'm American dreamin'

[Chorus: Marvin Gaye & JAY-Z ]
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
American dreamin'
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
American dreamin'
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
American dreamin'
But there's always— that's all, that's all, baby

[Outro: JAY-Z]
American dreamin'
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Hate Lyrics
This duet with Kanye West deals with a subject near and dear to both artists – people who are jealous of their success and money

[Intro: Jay-Z & Kanye West ]
Haters
Haters—snitch haters!
And I made myself so easy to love
Yeah, yeah

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
How much they hate it? Very
Kiss girls like Katy Perry
I am never sprung, but I spring 'er: Jerry
Don’t try this at home; results may vary
King like T.I., but in the Chi, Larry

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Hoover? Hova
Both are American Gangsters
You choose who's colder
Rappers get nasty in the booth but I'm grosser
I can’t even stomach myself: ulcer
More realer 'cause I'm closer
Had girlies in girdles weighing more than they supposed to
Poser? No, sir
My hustle: so Russell
I stretch work: yoga
You know I got it down, dog
Al Roker, I used to knock pounds off
It ain’t nothing for me to knock nouns off
And these MCs praying for my downfall
They just haters
I wave at you, I’m so player
I’ll never be done, I’m so ra-re

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
We killing the game, it's not fair
You motherfuckers stay right there
'Cause we too high up in the air
We blasting off just like a laser
Nigga, "Pyong! Pyong! Pyong!"
Get back, give me room, room, room
DB9 like, "Vroom, vroom, vroom!"
Young Hov', what we doin', doin', doin'?

[Verse 4: Jay-Z]
We ballin', bitches
Eating y'all food, leaving dishes
Why these niggas always talking Lear talk, 'Ye?
Why I never see 'em at the Clearport, 'Ye?
Why always hear they at the airport?
While I fly daily like I'm in the Air Force (Ayy)
Therefore, please stop talking my ears off, millionaire talk
You haters, you mad at me 'cause your paper
Need to get its motherfucking weight up
(Hold up) Wait up, I ain’t done
Name one thing I ain’t done
It hurts when you say that I ain't the one
You haters, how do I gain your favor?
I need to know 'cause I care
I need you to love me, I swear—look here!
See 'Ye is running the Chi like Gale Sayers
I'm running New York, I got the mayor on my pager
You can’t fade us, you haters
I need you, stay there
I breathe you like air

[Outro: Jay-Z]
Ay-yer
Yeah-yeah-yeah, yay-yer
Yeah-yeah-yeah, yay-yer
Where all my haters?
I love all my haters
Love all my haters
I love all my haters
Where the fuck is my haters? Hater?
Yay-yer! Haha
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Diamond is Forever Lyrics

[Intro]
Can you hear me now? Good! (Blueprint 2 baby!)
The best of times, it was the worst of times (aoww)
It's "The Gift & the Curse"

[Chorus]
R.O.C. yeah, number one clique here
If you represent us, throw them diamonds up YEAH
Now let's be clear, I ain't goin' nowhere
Now that you know, holla at your boy
HOV'.. (Hov', Hov', Hov')
(Hov', Hov', Hov', Hov')

[Overlapping first Chorus]
Yeah, Roc-A-Fella Records
You know what diamond is
We ain't goin' nowhere, put your diamonds up

[Verse 1]
Standin' in my b-boy stance
Free, Beans, Memphis where you at nigga?
(Right here) snatch Cam and it's a wrap
This here rap belong to us, nobody strong as us, it's a fact
Hold up I'm just warmin' up, gimme a second to get it back
Young Chris, Neef what? Oschino and Sparks
Next summer's yo' summer, tear this motherfucker up
Young is eternal, my youngins'll burn you
"The Blueprint" birthed you, nigga I earthed you, you can't be serious
Young 'cause I'm thirty-two, dressed like I'm twenty-two
Flow like a 18, do what I wanna do
Goin on my 8th ring, got Phil Jackson's Zen
Flow is black magic, I'm at it again
Rose Gold with black karats,
Horse & Carriage
to spend
Like Mason Betha,
chasin' this cheddar to the end
Of the road because the end I'm told is nearer than we know
What can I say but live for today, HOV'!

[Chorus]
R.O.C. yeah, number one clique here
If you represent us, throw them diamonds up YEAH
Now let's be clear, I ain't goin' nowhere
Now that you know, holla at your boy
HOV'.. (Hov', Hov', Hov')
(Hov', Hov', Hov', Hov')
Gyeah

[Verse 2]
Yeah,
The Blueprint 2
homie, follow the moves
You put on two tube socks, you couldn't walk in my shoes
I was dealt a bad hand, fuck what else could I do
But keep somethin' up my sleeve that'll help me through
But can you believe, everywhere I'm at, models come through
Cat-fightin', cat-walkin', it happens often
It's true how society don't want me to move
Into the penthouse building with spectacular views
They're like uhh, "He's a menace he could never be a tenant"
I'm like ooh, what's a young nigga to do?
I bring the brothers to the building give a feeling that I don't
Give a fuck we just chillin' watchin' chandelier ceilings high as fuck
Old lady, don't blow my high
'specially if you don't know my life,
don't make me bring
Sharpton in it 'cause I'm dark-skinned-ed or
Dude with the 'fro and the Rainbow Coalition, I'ma
Victim of a single parent household, born in a mouse hole
Mousetrap, niggas wanna know
How so, how Jay get up out that, here, yeah
I snatched purses, I per-se-vered, yeah
I had work, fiends purchased, it was clear
I was out there sellin' hope for despair, but stop there
I swear, I only make good from my mouth to God's ears
Had to get out the hood
And I can't justify genocide
But I was born in the city where the skinny niggas die
Born in the city where the skinny niggas ride
And as a skinny nigga I had beef with high size

[Chorus]
R.O.C. yeah, number one clique here
If you represent us, throw them diamonds up YEAH
Now let's be clear, I ain't goin nowhere
Now that you know, holla at your boy
HOV'.. (Hov', Hov', Hov')
(Hov', Hov', Hov', Hov')
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Translations
Español
Chapter Six Lyrics
This track serves as an interlude and intro to “Ronald Reagan Era.” The skit that served as the introduction to “Fuck Your Ethnicity” continues here and picks up once more on “Chapter Ten.”

[Produced by Tommy Black]

[Chorus]
Ridin' with them boys and girls and we're high
All we want to do is have a good time
Young, wild, and reckless is how we live life
Pray that we make it to twenty-one (One, one, one, one)
Oh, oh, we make it to twenty-one (One, one, one, one, one, one, one)
Ridin' with them boys and girls and we're high
All we want to do is have a good time
Young, wild, and reckless is how we live life
Pray that we make it to twenty-one (One, one, one, one)
Oh, oh, we make it to twenty-one (One, one, one, one, one, one, one)

[Interlude]
I'm glad we was able to talk about her vice and her evils
There is an even more important topic I'd like to discuss
The dysfunctional bastards of the Ronald Reagan era
Young men that learned to do everything spiteful
This is your generation
Live fast and die young
Who's willing to explain this story?

[Chorus]
Ridin' with them boys and girls and we're high
All we want to do is have a good time
Young, wild, and reckless is how we live life
Pray that we make it to twenty-one (One, one, one, one)
Oh, oh, we make it to twenty-one (One, one, one, one, one, one, one)
Ridin' with them boys and girls and we're high
All we want to do is have a good time
Young, wild, and reckless is how we live life
Pray that we make it to twenty-one (One, one)
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Vegas Lyrics
One of the original 40 songs recorded for TPAB, was going to be a interlude

[Emily Main]
You're the one who gets my heart to race and my arms to sweat
You're the one I'd risk my life and waste it on a bet

[Verse: Kendrick Lamar]
Temptation sweet, I taste it
That casino waitress, drinks sedated
You the one I want, you the one I want, face it
You the one I want on a one-on-one basis
You can see my weakness, a week is not long enough
I need every season and this the only reason
You the one I want, you the one I want
Leave it all on the table even if they catch me cheatin'
Doin' blackjack, twenty-one, twenty thousand in it
Probably twenty more before I'm done
If gambling's a sin, then I'm rollin' dice with Lucifer
To make sure I ain't losin' you
That's what a craps shooter does, I'm bankin' on the win
Bankin' on the last, vacant from the job that I had
Life savings in my pocket
If I never make it back, then I had the option of takin' a risk
So before I slit my wrist, I'm a cash in on this last poker chip
You can bet

[Hook: Emily Main]
Ooh, Vegas, baby, ooh, Vegas, baby
Ooh, Vegas, baby, I was scared of you
Ooh, Vegas, baby, you're Vegas, baby
You're Vegas baby, I was scared of you

[Outro: Emily Main]
You're the one who's got me drinkin' wine until I'm fallin' down
You're the one who keeps the slot machines spinnin' around
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Alori Joh]
I used to wanna be like Michael Jordan
Figured I would hit the NBA and make me a fortune

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Ugh, every time I'm in my city, I be acting like my shit don't stink
Used to clean my Rollie chain with alcohol in the sink
Riding around with niggas that I grew up with since McNair
Bumpin' "Me Against the World"—hello, world, Kendrick here
And I'm too much for these niggas, I'm three much for these hoes
I'm too much for these niggas, I'm three much for these hoes
I'm too much for these niggas, I'm three much for these hoes
Wayne told me that, and that's just how it goes

[Break: Kendrick Lamar]
Michael Jordan
Bounce-bounce, ho, bounce-bounce

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
This shit make a nigga wanna get some bread or bust a head
Or fuck my enemy's bitch, acting bad and getting rich
Pull up on them twenty-sixes,
I'm a vanity slave
I'm a sinner, Jesus Christ, please forgive me for my ways
I don't know why your bitch want to fuck me
And I don't know why you fuck niggas can't see
I'm a Comp-town representer, a concrete back-flipper
A.K.A. "that nigga," don't wuwwy!
I don't know why your bitch want to fuck me
And I don't know why you fuck niggas can't see
This is HiiiPower, since the Eddie Bauer, I been popular
I'm popping now, every other hour, paparazzi come
You jocking her, let her be a ho, why you stopping though?
We stopping the traffic, what you know 'bout them hockey pucks?
Skating on 'em, why you hating on 'em? You should learn from 'em
Seen too many of y'all getting money, know my turn coming
I don't know why your bitch wanna fuck me
And I don't know why (Hey, wait a minute, motherfucker)

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Every time I'm in my city, I be feeling like my shit don't stink
Used to clean my Rollie chain with alcohol in the sink
Ridin' 'round with niggas that I grew up with since McNair
Bumpin' "Me Against the World"—hello, world, Kendrick here
And I'm too much for these niggas, I'm three much for these hoes
I'm too much for these niggas, I'm three much for these hoes
I'm too much for these niggas, I'm three much for these hoes
Wayne told me that, and that's just how it goes
Michael Jordan, bitch, Michael Jordan, bitch
Michael Jordan, bitch, Michael Jordan, bitch
That means I'm too much for these niggas, I'm three much for these hoes
Wayne told me that, and that's just how it goes

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Man, the game chose me, what am I to do?
The only thing I did wrong was make it possible
I Diddy Bop and make them titties pop
Out there on my bumper like a city cop
Walking out the Fred Segal, put my girl on it
Ass so fat, probably sit the world on it (Ayy)
Pussy crazy, pussy crazy
You fuck niggas, you pussies crazy (Don't wuwwy!)
Man, I know I can't tell you about the world, homie (Uh)
But I know I can tell you about your girl, homie (Uh)
Her pussy crazy, her pussy crazy
I fucked, nigga, I know you hate me (Don't wuwwy!)
I know they pay me too much of attention
Bring my name up, it gotta be mentioned
I need me an engine that go real fast
Call it "hall of fame" once it haul ass
Give me tall glass, Coconut Cîroc
Please, no soda pop, I make my solo pop
Life's a bitch, her pussy crazy
But I make that pussy pay me

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Every time I'm in my city, I be feeling like my shit don't stink
Used to clean my Rollie chain with alcohol in the sink
Ridin' 'round with niggas that I grew up with since McNair
Bumpin' "Me Against the World"—hello, world, Kendrick here
And I'm too much for these niggas, I'm three much for these hoes
I'm too much for these niggas, I'm three much for these hoes
I'm too much for these niggas, I'm three much for these hoes
Wayne told me that, and that's just how it goes
Michael Jordan, bitch, Michael Jordan, bitch
Michael Jordan, bitch, Michael Jordan, bitch
That means I'm too much for these niggas, I'm three much for these hoes
Wayne told me that—

[Verse 3: Schoolboy Q]
I remember tripping, walking through the set like, "My Glock don't think"
Grandma in the kitchen, neck bones in the sink
I don't know why your bitch want to fuck me
And I don't know why you sucker niggas can't see
I'm-I'm from Hoover, man, high as Superman, shit, you Lois Lane
You pussy, man; with the pussy game, shit, we off the chain
We popping, man, fortune, not the fame; shit, you backwards, man
You chasing hoes, we replacing those, bag and pass them hoes
Your broad done chose, guess she moving on, yep, we do it wrong
We fucked her, homes, fucked and sent her home, marijuana strong
You know I'm gon' turn my swagger on, am I swagged enough?
My paper long, yep, you left alone, y-y-you gets no fucks
Leaning off the Actavis, passing blunts 'round and 'round
Told me Mary was a go, so we passed her 'round and 'round
Your bitch texted me, wants it now, so I had to knock her down
Hurt her, bouncing off my balls, slinging dick up from the mouth
You let it slide, I hit home runs, clean her dugout 'til I'm done
I can be her number two, and you can be her number one (Number one)
Her pussy crazy, her pussy crazy (Crazy, crazy)
You fuck niggas!

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Every time I'm in my city, I be feeling like my shit don't stink
Used to clean my Rollie chain with alcohol in the sink
Ridin' 'round with niggas that I grew up with since McNair
Bumpin' "Me Against the World"—hello, world, Kendrick here
And I'm too much for these niggas, I'm three much for these hoes
I'm too much for these niggas, I'm three much for these hoes
I'm too much for these niggas, I'm three much for these hoes
Wayne told me that, and that's just how it goes
Michael Jordan, bitch, Michael Jordan, bitch
Michael Jordan, bitch, Michael Jordan, bitch
That means I'm too much for these niggas, I'm three much for these hoes
Wayne told me that, and that's just how it goes
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Part I]

[Skit]
"Gina, baby, I don't have no money, I don't have no ends
Gina, I'm ass-out"
"I'm going through something right now!"
"I done told you that"

[Intro: Kendrick Lamar]
Oh, what up ho? Oh, what up?
I said, oh, what up ho? Oh, what up?
I said, oh, what up ho? Oh, what up?
Well, alright

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
I'm going through something with life
But pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón, that's some great advice
I'm going through something with life
But pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón, that's some great advice

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Welcome to my diary, stressing got me gray hairs
Something to inspire me, rather than society's
Woes, let me go, let me shine a lil' bit, love
I want diamonds, too: Ronnie on
Player's Club
I used to have a nine-to-five; fresh out of school—that was '05
That bitch was racist, got me fired;
ever since then, I had no job
Pushing in my momma van, stop for gas on Rosecrans
Trust me, these niggas rushed me for something my cousin prolly did
Guilty by association: story of my life, nigga
You gon' make me flip and split your shit, judge give me life, nigga
Pain since my grandma's death, Uncle killed at Louie's Burgers
Hold my tears, I tried my best; let it go, drench my pullover
Cycles of a starving artist, tryna go beyond the margin— margin
Maintaining my modest— modest as I dream
So while I go through all this— all this bullshit, what you call it
Life itself, I know what helps, let me scroll through my Blackberry
( " Hey , what's up, daddy?" )

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
I'm going through something with life
But pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón, that's some great advice
I'm going through something with life
But pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón, that's some great advice

[Part II]

[Skit]
"So what'd you rush me over here for?
How was your day?
Are you tipsy?"
"Mhm!"

[Bridge: Kendrick Lamar]
All I need in this lifetime: Pussy and Patrón
Give me that, once you give me that, once again, it's on
Bitch, I'm swagged up, hoes bopping when I'm off that Screw
Coming down clean, tell your baby momma, "What it do?"
Where your friends at? I got long dick—what it is?
Go'n' poke it out, situate your little positives
How I live? Big shot, on my grind, already
I'ma lay it down like a carpenter when you let me (When you let me)

[Refrain: Kendrick Lamar]
Give me that funk
That sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
I can't get enough
If I offend you, blame it on the liquor, babe
Give me that funk
That sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
I can't get enough
If I offend you

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Uh, I wrote this song when Dave drove home
And caught that flat in the mean T-Flats
And it made me think, if we could blink to change locations, where we at?
We often get lost in the alcohol bottle
In attempt to ignore pain, problem, and sorrow
Just for a minute, then back to the bullshit
Your car note due, and you 'bout to get evicted
Two drugs, surely, Patrón, pussy, make it feel alright
But once it's empty and that bitch leave, then it's back to life
You can't run from it, gotta run to it, nigga
The antidote wouldn't last, and you knew it, nigga
But still, you proceed to dive deep, ask what's her Zodiac sign

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
I'm going through something with life
But pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón, that's some great advice
I'm going through something with life
But pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón, that's some great advice

[Verse 3: Ab-Soul]
Okay, welcome to my diary—hmm, where should I begin?
Finna get a Swisher and fill it with at least a gram
Crackers watch my every step; man, I hate to work for them
One time, I tried to work for me, but that shit didn't work for me
And here I am, stressing, questioning my direction man
What to do? Nothing's moving, traffic jam
Wiggle through it
Pop the cork and take the fluid
Bust that pussy open
Bust that pussy open, bust that pussy open
(Soul!) Balls deep,
you dig
?
Retrieve relief,
you dig
?
Let's kill a bottle of tequila
And lie butt-naked telling the truth, would you?
What's up?
I had a long day, and I really wanna fuck
Take a double-shot to the face and forget about my whole day
'Cause all I've been thinking the whole day (Whole day, whole day)

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
I'm going through something in life
But pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón, that's some great advice
I'm going through something in life
But pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón make you feel alright
Pussy and Patrón, that's some great advice

[Bridge: Kendrick Lamar]
All I need in this lifetime: Pussy and Patrón
Give me that, once you give me that, once again, it's on
Bitch I'm swagged up, hoes bopping when I'm off that Screw
Coming down clean, tell your baby momma, "What it do?"
Where your friends at? I got long dick—what it is?
Go'n' poke it out, situate your little positives
How I live? Big shot, on my grind, already
I'ma lay it down like a carpenter when you let me

[Produced by King Blue]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Just Blaze]

[Intro]
It's the Dynasty, niggas
As promised
The world's most infamous, Roc-A-Fella Records
This is Roc La Familia
It's Young Hova
Beanie Sigel
Memphis Bleek
Amil-lion
It's the Dynasty, niggas
2000 to infinity
This is ghetto to ghetto, gutter to gutter
Street corner to street corner, project to project
Worldwide
Walk with us, niggas
Hoffa, Dash
It's
The Dynasty
, niggas
Check it out
Ugh,
walk with me,
talk to me, yo

[Verse]
The theme song to
The Sopranos
Plays in the key of life
on my mental piano
Got a strange way of seeing life, like
I'm Stevie Wonder with beads under the do-rag
Intuition is there, even when my vision's impaired, yeah
Knowing I can go just switching a spare
On the highway of life, nigga, it's sharp in my sight, oh!
Keen senses ever since I was a teen on the benches
Every time somebody like Ennis was mentioned
I would turn green—me, being in the trenches
Him, living adventurous, not worrying about expenditures
I'm braving temperatures below zero, no hero
No father figure; you gotta pardon a nigga
But I'm starving, my niggas, and the weight loss in my figure
Is starting to darken my heart, 'bout to get to my liver
Watch it, my niggas; I'm trying to be calm but I'm gon' get richer
Through any means with that thing that Malcolm palmed in the picture
Never read the Qu'ran or Islamic scriptures
Only Psalms I read was on the arms of my niggas
Tattooed,
so I carry on like I'm nonreligious
Clap whoever stand between Shawn and figures
Niggas say it's the dawn, but I'm superstitious
Shit is as dark as it's been, nothing has gone as you predicted
I move with biscuits, stop the heart of niggas acting too suspicious
This is food for thought—you do the dishes!
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Reservoir Dogs Lyrics
Reservoir Dogs is the eleventh track on Jay Z’s Vol.2… Hard Knock Life album. It features Sheek Louch, The Lox, Sauce Money, Jadakiss, Beanie Sigel and Styles P

[Intro: Sheek Louch]
Fuck! Shit is real right here
Roc-A-Fella, LOX
Takin' the streets over, motherfuckers
Don't get it twisted

[Verse 1: Sheek Louch]
Yo, ayo, ayo, ayo
Yo, shut the fuck up 'fore I blast and Banned From TV your ass
With no mask, look at the camera like what?
Yeah, I did it, like them sick white boys the court committed
To the death of me, I spaz like I'm on Ecstasy
Drop a hundred bars for real like I'm lookin' for a deal
If I ain't hungry, who the fuck is? I'm worse than them African kids
I ain't straight 'til my numbers match the Motorola bids
And walk the streets up in NY like I don't fuckin' care
If I ain't strapped, that means I took 'em off my Nike Airs
Get off mine, y'all talk shit like little children
But wanna ride mine like bitches when I walk up in the building
'Cause I catch tans in the winter, with wild whores
Jet-skiin', while you keep warm at corner stores
I make it hot
, floodin' your block the best way
Professionall-ay, they'll find poison in your X-Ray
As I get roasted, lookin' at Biggie posted on my wall
Takin' shots of Louie 'til I fall
Nothin' to lose, just load the clip up in the groove
And kick rhymes to the poster, 'til I swear Big moved
My team, you would think was on Thorazine
How we floss and don't give a fuck what it's costin'

[Verse 2: Beanie Sigel]
Yo, yo, pressure bust pipes, it's time to apply it now
Pick out a quiet town and tie it down
Make niggas lock it down, y'all know where to buy it now
Beanie Mack, I supply it now
My squad roll deep, in foreign cars with two seats
Couple of 5's
, a 6, a few Jeeps
Bag enough coke to last a few weeks
In case niggas wanna test — vest and a few heats
You really wanna test my name?
And test my game?
Until you have me, test my aim?
Y'all niggas nuts, like testicles
Hit you up in your apartment building vestibule
Perhaps it's best for you to keep on walkin'
Heat from the Larkin keep on sparkin'
Platinum prezzie
, Bezzie stay sparklin'
Cop off the lot, never see me at the auction
Pint of Bacardi darken, when it's hawkin'
Out on the strip, until I reach the margin
Not tryna meet the Sergeant at the precinct
Eatin' cheese sandwiches, down for the weekend
Locked up with dirty white boys and Ricans

[Verse 3: Jadakiss]
Now, if I kill you I probably do ten in the box
Come down on appeal, then I'm killin' your pops
Feelin' The LOX? Nigga, why you grillin' The LOX?
If this rap shit don't work, niggas still in the spot
You bring it to me, I gotta lose your family
Gangsters don't die, they get chubby and move to Miami
Shit is deep now, dawg, but it gets deeper
Fuck it! The weather's nice, and the price is much cheaper
I put it on tape, you gon' buy it
I put it in a bag, you gon' try it
Y'all niggas can't deny it!
Lot of cats still tryna study my last bounce
Tell you what — get a beat tape and a half ounce
They got me where I can't be without my large gat
Teflon long sleeve and my hardhat
Don't matter if I'm openin' up or headline
Doin' the speed limit or pushin' red lines
Six months in the county or Fed time
I'ma be the 'Kiss, nigga, until it's bedtime
Anythin' I'm on is a classic
Any nigga ever had beef with? Son is a bastard
Anytime I spit, spit acid
L-O-X, Ruff Ryder — you heard? We got the game mastered

[Interlude: Pain In Da Ass]
I told you the pain was coming
You wouldn't listen
You tried to play me like a joke?
Now who got the last laugh?
Now take these bullets with you to hell

[Verse 4: Sauce Money]
You motherfuckers is sick, don't think Sauce the shit
So many niggas on my nuts, I thought I lost my dick
Picture me fallin' off, I'm camera shy
Hammers fly, might miss you, but your man'll die
What's the difference? Either way, I'm sonnin' your crew
I fuck to win, y'all niggas comin' to lose
Somethin' to prove? Spit it, we can have a spray off
I lay off wack niggas and kill 'em on my day off
Ain't nothin' for me to bust a trey off
Murder the whole month of April, nigga, just to take May off
Run with more Germans than Adolf, you light crews
Now I concentrate on your camp like Jews
Flow hot like a heatwave, bitch
Whips phatter than them shits they beat slaves with
I'm a mill-stackin' nigga who pull quick
Still packin' for you Phil Jackson niggas on that bullshit!

[Verse 5: Styles P & ( Jay-Z )]
I don't give a FUCK who you are, so FUCK who you are
I don't care about a pretty bitch, watch or a car
I don't care about your block and whoever you shot
I don't care about your album and whenever it drop
I don't care about your past, if I did I woulda asked
I'm too busy lightin' 'dro with a whole lotta hash
Far as this rap shit, I'm ten steps ahead of niggas
Shootin' backwards just for practice
Ride or die, nigga, hoppin' in your casket
'Bout to go to hell with you, blow the L with you
Tell the whole world I'm spittin', let 'em know the shells hit you
I tell niggas quick — suck dick and get a Glock
My name ring bells like Sunday at twelve o'clock
I'm half-past-seven
, bust six then eleven
You know me, slide my man my joint say reload me
I Ruff Ryde and pop a fella for Roc-A-Fella
Screamin'
( What the fuck? ), spendin' mozzarella

[Verse 6: Jay-Z]
I know, pop, you can't stand us 'cause we cock them hammers
Run in your crib, no prisoners, pop your grandma
Locked in the slammer? Nope, popped up in Atlanta
Crossed up in a drop, I popped up the antenna
Whoa.. watch your manners when my veins pop like
Scanners
Like raindrops, you hear the thunder when I cock the cannon
Big bang, big chains, ain't shit changed
Get brain in the four-dot-six Range
Shit, mayne, switch lanes
Every town I hit, switch planes
Bitch, flip big 'caine
Flow with no cut, you take it in vein to the brain
Muh'fuckas is noddin' and throwin' up
You know that you don't wanna owe that man
He'll hit ya, get the picture? Kodak, man
Got a love for war, I don't floss no more
I just sit on my money 'til I'm above the law
How the fuck you gon' stop us with your measly asses?
We don't stop at the tolls, we got E-ZPasses, nigga
Multiple cars and divas with D-Classes
Iceberg sweats with I.B. on the elastic

[Outro]
Shit.. BIATCH!
What the fuck, ya heard me? Hahahaha
Put some more beat on that joint!
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Verse 1]
I remove your roof nigga let the sun shine in
Thirty-eight waist, enough to put one nine in
Really a thirty-six without the gun I'm thin
But when the gat is tucked, I'm fat as fuck
Ignorant bastard, I'm takin' it back to day one
No kids, but trust me I know how to raise a gun
For niggas that think I spend my days in the sun
Well here's the shock of your life, the Glock not the mic
Homie I'm not into hype; trust me, I'm still street
You still fuckin' up then trust me I still creep
Yeah I know the platinum chain be lookin' real sweet
But reach and I bury niggas sixty feet deep
S dot Carter turn rappers into martyrs
Separate fathers from their daughters,
why bother
I'm a crook like you, I took like you
I disobeyed the law, threw out the book like you
How dare you look at Jigga like I'm shook like who
I keep the fifth with me nigga, come and get me..

[Interlude]
COME AND GET ME!
{*gong sounds*} Ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-come..
{*bell rings*} COME AND GET ME! Ka-ka-ka-COME AND GET ME! ..
{*bell rings*} COME AND GET ME! Ka-ka-ka..
{*bell rings*} .. Ka-ka-ka-ka-come
{*bell rings*} .. come and get me COME AND GET ME

[Break]
Don't know what y'all niggas is
Tryin' to do but I don't like it
Yeah, straight gangster shit
Heyyyy, uh-huh-uh-uhh gangster shit
Uhh, straight gangster nigga
Roc..

[Verse 2]
Yo, the summer's 'bout to get hot
Niggas home from jail and they plottin'
Heard about the watch, the Bentley hard-top
The Continental T, got 'em resentin' me
God I work hard, please don't envy me
I paid the cost to be the boss to floss this hard
I can recall a year ago I almost lost this job
All y'all remember is the part about me parkin' the hard
What about all them days I was walkin' my dogs
Barkin' at broads, but they never hollered back
And if they did all they said was, "Where them dollars at?"
Imagine, bein' skinny growin' up around brolic cats
The quiet assassin demeanor of them college cats
Until I got a gat and loudly start poppin' back
Round the way, niggas called me Bobby Boucher
Now all I hear is whispers of what you gon' do to Jay
How y'all gon' stick me up, take my jewels away
Pull out your gat, car jack me, take my cruise away
Well I got news for y'all fools today, hey..

[Chorus]
I got shots to give, come and get me nigga
Ya'll wan' rob the kid? Come and get me nigga
I won't part with this, come and get me nigga
I work hard for this, come and get me nigga
I got shots to give, COME AND GET ME...
COME AND GET ME...

[Verse 3]
I made it so, you could say Marcy and it was all good
I ain't crossover I brought the suburbs to the hood
Made 'em relate to your struggle, told 'em 'bout your hustle
Went on MTV with durags, I made them love you
You know normally them people wouldn't be fuckin' witchu
'Til I made 'em understand why you do what you do
I expected to hear, "Jay, if it wasn't for you.."
But instead, all I hear is buzzin' in your crew
How y'all schemin', tryin' to get accustomed to my moves
So y'all could tape my mouth, stake out my house
But I got pride I'm a nigga first
I gotta cock back and pull the trigger first
That's how Jigga work
The funny thing; I represent y'all every time I spit a verse
And that's the shit that hurts
But hey, I got my mind right, got my nine right here
So when y'all feel that the time is right

[Chorus]
I got shots to give, come and get me nigga
Ya'll wan' rob the kid, Come and get me nigga
I won't part with this, come and get me nigga
I work hard for this, come and get me nigga
I got shots to give, COME AND GET ME...
COME AND GET ME...

[Verse 4]
Ayo yo, ayo yo
It's only fair that I warn ya, rap's my new hustle
I'm treatin' it like the corner, fuck with me if you wanna
My game change but my mind-frame remains the same
I gotta protect what's mine
Shit I started from nothin'; zero, zip
I made my way hustlin', I don't owe niggas shit
I'm paranoid now, so I keep the gun gripped
Cats I played skelly with? Niggas done flipped
I keep a banger in the ankle, one in the hip
Two in the stash, one come up when I shift
I keep one under the chair where I sit
I even got a gun in the hair in the bun of my bitch
Ask Biggs; every time he'd come to my crib
He'd find another gun that I hid
I'm ready to make this one of the, hottest summer there is
Everyday like a hundred-and-six... shit...

[Chorus]
I got shots to give, come and get me nigga
Ya'll wan' rob the kid, Come and get me nigga
I won't part with this, come and get me nigga
I work hard for this, come and get me nigga
I got shots to give, COME AND GET ME...
COME AND GET ME...
I got shots to give, come and get me nigga
Ya'll wan' rob the kid, Come and get me nigga
I won't part with this, come and get me nigga
I work hard for this, come and get me nigga
I got shots to give, COME AND GET ME...
COME AND GET ME...
Motherfuckers!
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
みなさんJay-Zのようになりたいよ
彼はすごいかっこいいけど、周り全然楽しんでないよ
Roc-A-Fella, y'all
It's the Roc
( Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga )
R-O, R-O-C, niggas, R-O
( Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga )
Hov, R-O-C, niggas, R-O, woo
( Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga )
It's Hov, R-O-C, niggas
( Jay-Z )

[Verse 1]
Come on the track like duh-duh-duh-duh
With a throwback jersey and a fitted
Might blow a bag of Hershey in the siddix
Or might take sips of Army with a chiddick, I'm so sick with it
Lampin' in the Hamptons
The weekends, man, the Stan Smith Adidas and the Campus
Or playin' guts on the cruise, Hermès boat shoes
The Izod bucket on, I'm so old-school
Yellow wrist watch, Gucci flip flops
Six top model chicks, who is this hot?
J-A, ladies, help me say it now
Y-Z, mami, why you playin' with me?
Ride with me, get high as me
It's how it's supposed to be when you rollin' with G's, Hov
Back up in this bitch like woah
Jigga get this whole shit jumpin' like six-fours

[Chorus]
( Hov ), V is I, and I am him
( Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga )
Slim with the tilted brim on twenty-inch rims
( Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga )
And if y'all got love for me, I got love for y'all
( Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga )
And if y'all go to war for me, I go to war with y'all
( Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga )

[Verse 2]
Hov, and so I breeze through, jeans is Evisu
She's respondin', top is C. Ronson
We in Luan (Woo), gettin' our groove on
Buyin' out the bar, on our way to Spa'
She never seen a hundred on the wrist before
Never seen twenty-twos on the six before
I am killin' 'em out there, they needin' first aid
'Cause the boy got more sixes than first grade
The crib got killer views and square feet
You have to film
MTV Cribs
for a week
So sleep if you need to, mami, I will leave you
Right where you stand, nah, I don't wanna dance (I'm good)
I just wanna see what's in your Frankie B pants
Waist is low enough to let your waist show
Top like a rock star, I got a fast car
We can cruise the city doin' a buck-sixty

[Chorus]
( Hov ), V is I, and I am him
( Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga )
Slim with the tilted brim on twenty-inch rims
( Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga )
And if y'all got love for me, I got love for y'all
( Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga )
And if y'all go to war for me, I go to war with y'all
( Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga )

[Verse 3]
He did it again
, haters no like
But they gotta fuck with it, 'cause the flow's so tight
Gnarly, dude, I puff Bob Marley, dude
All day like Rastafaris do
Now I'm stuck to the point I could hardly move
You fuckin' up my high, don't bother me, dude
But Red Rover, send your hoes over
She can do whatever, sip somethin' with soda
She can leave whenever, sip somethin' with Hova
We can play however, slay bed or sofa
And the prognosis, sex is explosive
Left her with wet bedsheets, nigga, I'm focused

[Chorus]
( Hov ), V is I, and I am him
( Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga )
Slim with the tilted brim on twenty-inch rims
( Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga )
And if y'all got love for me, I got love for y'all
( Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga )
And if y'all go to war for me, I go to war with y'all
( Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga ), woah

[Outro]
R-O, R-O-C, niggas
R-O-C, niggas
( Roc-A-Fella, y'all )
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Jay-Z & Timbaland ]
Welcome
To the future, uhh ( Blueprint, 3, ay-ay, oh, hey-hey )
Hey, count me in ( Blue-print, 3, ay, hey, hey-hey )
Find me a nice soft place to land ( I got you Hov', ay ay-ay )
I'm so high ( Yeah, hey hey, hey, hey, c'mon )
Find me a place to land
( Fricky-fricky uhh, ahhhhh, c'mon now, c'mon now )
Yeah, right there, yeah ( Fricky-fricky Hov' )

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
I'm so tomorrow the Audemar says yesterday
Which means you on time delay
So even if I slow it dowwwwwn
My sound is fast forward, hold up
I'm just a runway show
But I wear that so my plane, these my runway clothes
Hehe, Cashmere sweats
They come out next year but these my last year sweats
And my ho's so sick
Your new chick can't fuck with my old bitch
And you know this shit
I'm professional, they novices
I just may let you borrow this
This the Blueprint, nigga follow this
This what what tomorrow is
Welcome to tomorrow BIIIIIIIIIII

[Chorus: Drake, Jay-Z , Timbaland ]
Whatever you about to discover we off that ( Hey )
You about to tell her you love her we off that ( Hey, hey )
Always wanna fight in the club and we off that ( Hey, hey )
But you can't bring the future back, back ( Hey, hey )
Y'all are steady chasin the fame and we off that ( Hey, hey )
Oversized clothes and chains we off that ( Hey, hey )
Niggas still making it rain and we off that ( Hey, hey )
'Cause you can't bring the future back, back ( Hey )
Tell them haters get off me, the Cris' we off that ( Hey, hey )
Timbs we off that, rims we off that
( Hey, hey )
Yeah we off that, is you still on that?
( Hey, hey )
And we still makin money 'cause we still on that
( Hey, err )

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
This ain't black vs. white, my nigga we off that
Please tell Bill O'Reilly to fall back
Tell Rush Limbaugh to get off my balls
It's 2010, not 1864
Uhh, yeah we come so far
So I drive around town, hard top and it's off
Uhh, in my
TriBeCa loft
With my high brow art
, and my high yellow broad
Uhh, and my dark-skinned sis
And my best white mate, say what's up to Chris
Uhh, how's that for a mix?
Got a black president, got green presidents
"Blueprint's" in my white iPod
Black diamonds in my Jesus piece, my God
Uhh, we ain't tripping off that
This a Benetton ad,
nigga been up off that, uhh

[Chorus: Drake, Jay-Z , Timbaland ]
Whatever you about to discover we off that ( Hey )
You about to tell her you love her we off that ( Hey, hey )
Always wanna fight in the club and we off that ( Hey, hey )
But you can't bring the future back, back ( Hey, hey )
Y'all are steady chasin the fame and we off that ( Hey, hey )
Oversized clothes and chains we off that ( Hey, hey )
Niggas still making it rain and we off that ( Hey, hey )
'Cause you can't bring the future back, back ( Hey )
Tell them haters get off me, the Cris' we off that ( Hey, hey )
Timbs we off that, rims we off that
( Hey, hey )
Yeah we off that, is you still on that?
( Hey, hey / Uhh, uhh )
And we still makin money 'cause we still on that
( Hey, err / Uhh )

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
I don't give a fidduck abiddout the widdate
You used to move, what you used to do
And I don't give a fidduck abiddout the bitches
That you used to screw, what your future do
And we don't really care what you used to say
Unless that affects your future pay
I'm on a practice field runnin' Two-A-Days
So I don't drop the ball when it's threw my way
So I don't give a fidduck abiddout the shit
That you probably did, who you probably is
The only time I deal in past tense
'Cause I'm past rims, and I'm past tints
If you drivin' it, I drove it
You got it, 'cause I sold it
You copped it, I bought it back
And we don't give a fidduck, nigga we off that

[Chorus: Drake, Jay-Z , Timbaland ]
Whatever you about to discover we off that ( Hey )
You about to tell her you love her we off that ( Hey, hey )
Always wanna fight in the club and we off that ( Hey, hey )
But you can't bring the future back, back ( Hey, hey )
Y'all are steady chasin the fame and we off that ( Hey, hey )
Oversized clothes and chains we off that ( Hey, hey )
Niggas still making it rain and we off that ( Hey, hey )
'Cause you can't bring the future back, back ( Hey )
Tell them haters get off me, the Cris' we off that ( Hey, hey )
Timbs we off that, rims we off that
( Hey, hey )
Yeah we off that, is you still on that?
( Hey, hey )
And we still makin money 'cause we still on that
( Hey, err )

[Outro: Timbaland]
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, err
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Biggie Lyrics

[Intro]
Uh
I see everybody wanna play gangsta now, huh?
Well you know what, niggas?
I'ma just play Kendrick
You gotta respect it
Feel this, uh
Let me shit on these niggas, man

[Verse 1]
Look, homie, I'm not your Crip or your Blood
Homie, I'm just Kendrick
See me other than him, might plead the Fifth Amendment
Hard headed nigga, shit, all it take is an instant
Shocked to have scored, just as soft as an infant
Say you bust your guns, but never totin' it
You say your man is dope? I think he's smokin' it, homie
Why you provokin' it? Don't mean to boast a bit
But you can call me a fly, 'cause your boy be on some shit
Plus I'm fly, so all the girlies think I'm the shit
I got it to spend, but still never buy 'em shit
You better guard your bitch
'Cause all it takes is a finger to turn her on, holmes
Somethin' like a light switch
Hands down but still dark, think I might switch the Jag' for the Porsche
'Cause it got a better steering grip
Young, but been a man, and you won't understand
Spree wheels looking like a bedroom ceilin' fan

[Chorus]
When the beef start cookin'
And the shots start comin'
Don't hesitate to pop that thing
People start lookin'
And people start runnin'
Don't hesitate to pop that thing
Rolling down Rosecrans, I fear no man
I be God damned if I live on my knees, I rather die on my feet
That Hub City threat shit is me

[Verse 2]
Nigga, I'm from the land where fiends fly like Peter Pan
And the average man got a heat up in them Dickie pants
I got some plans to stack riches
Own seven 6′s like a Philadelphian
If you don't know by now, I'm focused like camera lens
And if I know your mans, I might give a second chance
'Cause I don't wanna hurt you, have 'em runnin' in Herschels
Shells stick to his back like a Ninja Turtle
Crack sells, drug sell all in the virtue
Been a artist since Prince played in color purple
Weed smoke, hydro blow on that purple
2 straps on my side, like suspenders on Urkel
I suspend you, they irk you, what you lyin' for?
You know you ain't eatin' like Feed The Children commercials
Man, my children'll circle around your block
Let out shots and be home 30 minutes before they curfew

[Chorus]
When the beef start cookin'
And the shots start comin'
Don't hesitate to pop that thing (Right)
People start lookin'
And people start runnin'
Don't hesitate to pop that thing (Yeah)
Rolling down Rosecrans
I fear no man
I be God damned (Damn)
If I live on my knees I rather die on my feet
That hub city threat shit is me (Bitch)

[Outro]
Yeah, it's real
Kendrick
You see me in the streets, man, come to me as a man, man
It's real, nigga
Kendrick, you gotta respect it, niggas respect me, man (K. Dot)
Stop being some yank, nigga, it's real
Lotta niggas tryna play gangsta, huh?
It's 2004, man, you wanna be in this shit, quit it
Be yourself, man
Still affiliated, huh?
Niggas respect me, bitch
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Travis Scott & Donda West ]
That she wrote, "Speech to the Young: Speech to the Progress-Toward"
Say to them, say to the down-keepers, the sun-slappers
The self-soilers, the harmony-hushers
Even if you are not ready for the day, it cannot always be night
Serve, flex, I do work (Work)
Six, I'm like Mike
He's out of sight, woo
You done got me piped
Two-man like Ike
Six out the spot (Uh, uh)
Into the night

[Verse 1: Travis Scott & Kanye West ]
Yeah, I'm shakin' the drop (Drop)
I'm still up on top (Aight)
I been had the bop
The devil my opp, can't pay me to stop
(It's lit)
My God at the top
(La Flame)

[Chorus: Kanye West & Donda West ]
We gon' praise our way out the grave, dawg
Livin', speakin', praise God
Walkin' out the graveyard back to life
I serve, follow your word, see with new sight,
into the night
( Hey )

[Verse 2: Travis Scott & Kanye West ]
Yeah, this life I'm livin' ( I'm livin' )
All the advice been tipped in ( That thang )
Gave me that grip, no slippin' ( That grip )
Out of my mind, went trippin' ( My mind )
Tell me take two when I'm on one ( I'm on )
That lookout like no one
Kept it real tight like your son (Your son)
Yeah (La Flame)

[Chorus: Kanye West & Donda West ]
We gon' praise our way out the grave, dawg
Livin', speakin', praise God
Walkin' out the graveyard back to life
I serve, follow your word, see with new sight,
into the night

[Verse 3: Baby Keem]
Still on side, huh, still outside
****, attention, still outside, huh, still outside
Tame Imp—, Tame Impala, ****
Tame Impala, stay outside, huh
And I'm still outside, I'm still outside, still outside, huh
Let's get right, huh, let's get right, uh, let's get right, uh, huh
Let's get right, let's get (Ayy, ayy, ayy), let's get right
Let's get (Ayy, ayy, ayy), let's get—
Look at new scenes, I opened my life, I'm subject to memes
I signed a few ****, I polished their dreams
An angel on earth, come under my wing
Stop runnin' your publishers, ****
They publish the headlines and say the wrong things
Y'all treat your Lord and Savior like renters' insurance, you know what I mean?
Bada the bada the boom, I bada the boom, I bada the bing
I need a new girl, my old one was mean
I had to let go, forgave all them evils that came to my shows
I channeled them bad **** all in abode
I channeled your trust, I channeled the turbulence, came with the life
I gathered my sinners and asked if I'm right, let's get
I just get right, ****, huh
Let's get right, let's get right, let's get right, shh, shh
Ain't on sight, it's on sight
I don't know you, you, you, you, it's on sight
I don't know you, you, you, you (Ayy, ayy), let's get right
Ayy, all of my **** on Channel 5
I don't channel ten 'til it go time
Used to throw up my uncle's spaghetti
Been told to tote since before I was ready
Back when my mama told me that I was challenged
A single Black woman, you know that she petty
I turned a heavy heart to two million dollars
I put that in totals, reverse outta debty
I gotta, I gotta put on a rager one time
I swung the powder, went major one time
I know some white people servin' no time
I gotta do it for me, do it for, pray for me
Do it for all the ones dyin'
I wanna do it for all the ones cryin'
I wanna, uh, uh, uh, let's get right, huh
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Justin Vernon]
I'm up in the woods, I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still to slow down the time
I'm up in the woods, I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still to slow down the time
I'm up in the woods, I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still, down the time

[Chorus: Kanye West & Justin Vernon ]
I'm lost in the world, been down my whole life
I'm new in the city, and I'm down for the night
Down for the night, said she's down for the night
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh (Slow down the time), ooh
I'm lost in the world, been down my whole life
I'm new in the city, but I'm down for the night
Down for the night, down for the night

[Verse: Kanye West]
You're my devil, you're my angel
You're my heaven, you're my hell
You're my now, you're my forever
You're my freedom, you're my jail
You're my lies, you're my truth
You're my war, you're my truce
You're my questions, you're my proof
You're my stress and you're my masseuse
Ma-ma-se, ma-ma-se, ma-ma-ku-sa
Lost in this plastic life
Let's break out of this fake-ass party
Turn this into a classic night
If we die in each other's arms
Still get laid in the afterlife
If we die in each other's arms
Still get laid, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Pre-Chorus: Kanye West & Elly Jackson]
Run from the lights, run from the night, run for your life
Down for the night, down for the night, down for the night

[Chorus: Kanye West]
I'm lost in the world, been down my whole life
I'm new in the city, and I'm down for the night
Down for the night, down for the night

[Bridge: Gil Scott Heron & Kanye West ]
Who will survive in America?
Who will survive in America? ( Down for the night )
Who will survive in America?
Who will survive in America?

[Chorus: Kanye West]
I'm lost in the world, been down my whole life
I'm new in the city
And I'm down for the night, down for the night
I'm lost in the world, been down my whole life
I'm new in the city
But I'm down for the night, down for a night
Oh-oh, get down

[Outro]

[Non-lyrical vocals]

[Produced by Jeff Bhasker & Kanye West]

[Directed by Kanye West and Ruth Hogben]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by DJ Frank E, Kanye West & Mike Dean]

[Intro: Kanye West]
Whose fault?

[Chorus: John Legend]
Let's play the blame game, I love you more
Let's play the blame game for sure
Let's call out names, names, I hate you more
Let's call out names, names for sure

[Bridge: John Legend]
I'll call you bitch for short
As a last resort and my first resort
You call me motherfucker for long
At the end of it, you know we both were wrong

[Chorus: John Legend]
But I love to play the blame game, I love you more
Let's play the blame game for sure
Let's call out names, names, I hate you more
Let's call out names, names for sure

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
On the bathroom wall I wrote
"I'd rather argue with you than to be with someone else"
I took a piss and dismiss it like "fuck it"
And I went and found somebody else
Fuck arguing and harvesting the feelings
Yo, I'd rather be by my fuckin' self
'Til about 2 a.m. and I call back
And I hang up and I start to blame myself
Somebody help

[Chorus: John Legend]
Let's play the blame game, I love you more
Let's play the blame game for sure
Let's call out names, names, I hate you more
Let's call out names, names for sure

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
You weren't perfect, but you made life worth it
Stick around, some real feelings might surface
Been a long time since I spoke to you in a bathroom
Grippin' you up, fuckin' and chokin' you
What the hell was I supposed to do?
I know you ain't gettin' this type of dick from that local dude
And if you are, I hope you have a good time
'Cause I definitely be havin' mine
And you ain't finna see a mogul get emotional
Every time I hear about other niggas is strokin' you
Lie and say I hit you, he sittin' there consoling you
Runnin' my name through the mud, who's provoking you?
You should be grateful a nigga like me ever noticed you
Now you noticeable and can't nobody get control of you
1 a.m. and can't nobody get a hold of you
I'm callin' your brother's phone, like, what was I supposed to do?
Even though I knew he never told the truth
He was just gon' say whatever that you told him to
At a certain point, I had to stop asking questions
Y'all got dirt on each other like mud wrestlers
I heard he bought some coke with my money, that ain't right, girl
You gettin' blackmailed for that white girl
You always said, "Yeezy, I ain't your right girl
You'll probably find one of them 'I like art'-type girls"
"All of the lights," she was caught in the hype, girl
And I was satisfied bein' in love with a lie
Now who to blame? You to blame?
Me to blame? For the pain
And it poured every time when it rained

[Chorus: John Legend]
Let's play the blame game, I love you more
Let's play the blame game for sure

[Interlude: Kanye West]
Things used to be, now they not
Anything but us is who we are
Disguising ourselves as secret lovers
We've become public enemies
We walk away like strangers in the street
Gone for eternity
We erased one another
So far from where we came
With so much of everything
How do we leave with nothing?
Lack of visual empathy equates the meaning of L-O-V-E
Hatred and attitude tear us entirely
Chloe Mitchell

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Let's play the blame game, I love you more
Let's play the blame game for sure
Let's call out names, names, I hate you more
Let's call out names, names, for sure

[Bridge: Kanye West]
I can't love you this much, I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much, I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much, no, I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much, I can't love you this much

[Outro: Kanye West]
And I know that you are somewhere doing your thing
And when the phone called, it just ring and ring
You ain't pick up, but your phone accidentally called me back
And I heard the whole thing
I heard the whole thing, whole thing, whole thing, whole thing
["The Best Birthday": Chris Rock & Salma Kenas ]
Oh my God
Baby, you done took this shit to another motherfuckin' level
Now, a neighborhood nigga like me ain't supposed to be gettin' no pussy like this
Goddamn, goddamn
Who taught you how to get sexy for a nigga?
( Yeezy taught me )
You never used to talk dirty, but now you goddamn disgusting
My, my God, where'd you learn that?
( Yeezy taught me )
Look at you, motherfuckin' butt-ass-naked
With them motherfuckin' Jimmy Choos on
Who taught you how to put some motherfuckin' Jimmy Choos on?
( Yeezy taught me )
Yo, you took your pussy game up a whole 'nother level
This is some Cirque du Soleil pussy now, shit
You done went all porno on a nigga, okay?
And I-I-I-I, I love it, and I thank you
I thank you, my dick thanks you
How'd you learn, how, how did your pussy game come up?
( Yeezy taught me )
I was fuckin' parts of your pussy I'd never fucked before
I was in there like, "Oh shit, I never been here before
I've never even seen this part of Pussy Town before"
It's like you got this shit reupholstered or some shit
What the fuck happened?
Who, who the fuck got your pussy all reupholstered?
( Yeezy reupholstered my pussy )
You know what, I got to thank Yeezy
And when I see that nigga, I'ma thank him
I'ma buy the album, I'ma download that motherfucker
I'ma shoot a bootlegger
That's how good I feel about this nigga
Ah
I still can't believe you got me this watch
This motherfucker is the exact motherfucker I wanted
With the bezel? This is the motherfucker I wanted
I saw this shit, I saw it, Twista had this shit on in
The Source
I 'member, Twista had this motherfucker on in
The Source
That's right, that's right
Yo, yo, babe, yo, yo, this the best birthday ever
Where'd you learn to treat a nigga like this?
( Yeezy taught me )
Yeezy taught you well
Yeezy taught you well
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: JAY-Z, The Notorious B.I.G. , Both & Faith Evans ]
Ohh, ooh, ohh
Uh, uh, uh
It—It—
It was all a dream
Last night I had a dream
Thoughts was racing through my head
( It was all a dream )
Felt so real to me
( It was all )
This is what was said ( All-all-all-all-a-all a dream )

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
"Had a dream," I said, "'Bout who?" he said
"'Bout B.I.G.," I said, "That's big," he said
"Dig what he said", "Proceed," he said
"Indeed," I said, so, breathe I did
"Don't repeat what I say," I said, he said nothing
He agreed with his head, he just nodded like this
What I believe to be a yes, I repeated what was said
"It came to me like a whisper last evening," I said
"What's the deal, playboy?" was the greeting he said
First thing I wanted to know was the reason he was dead
"Mo' Money Mo' Problems,'" better believe it," he said
"Careful what you wish for, you might receive it," he said
"I see," I said, "jealousy" I said
"Got the whole industry mad at me," I said
Then B.I. said,
"Hov, remind yourself:
Nobody built like you, you designed yourself!
"
"I agree," I said, "my one of a kind self"
Getting stoned every day like Jesus did
"What he said," I said, "has been said before"
"Just keep doin your thing," he said; "say no more"

[Chorus: Faith Evans & The Notorious B.I.G. ]
Was it all a dream? Tell me
Was it all a dream? Was it a dream?
Was it all a dream?
( It was all, all-all, all, all-all, all, all-all ) I got to know
Was it all a dream? Was it a dream? ( It was all a dream )
Was it all a dream? A dream
Was it all a dream? (Oh)

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G. & Faith Evans ]
It was all a dream, I used to read Word Up! magazine ( Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh )
Salt-n-Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine ( Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh )
Hanging pictures on my wall
Every Saturday, Rap Attack, Mr. Magic, Marley Marl
I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped ( Oh, oh, oh )
Smoking weed and bamboo, sipping on private stock ( Oh, oh, oh )
Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack ( Oh, oh, oh )
With the hat to match
Remember Rapping Duke, "duh-ha, duh-ha" ( Oh, oh, oh )
You never thought that hip-hop would take it this far ( Oh, oh, oh )
Now I'm in the limelight 'cause I rhyme tight ( Oh, oh, oh )
Time to get paid, blow up like the--
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner ( Ooh )
Remember when I used to eat sardines for dinner
Peace to Ron G, Brucey B, Kid Capri ( Ooh )
Funkmaster Flex, Lovebug Starski
I'm blowing up like you thought I would
Call the crib, same number, same hood, it's all good ( Ooh )
Uh, and if you don't know, now you know, nigga, uh

[Chorus: Faith Evans & The Notorious B.I.G. ]
Was it all a dream? Tell me ( It was all a dream, uh )
Was it all a dream? Was it a dream? ( It was all )
Was it all a dream?
( It was all, all-all, all, all-all, all, all-all, all, all-all ) I gotta know
Was it all a dream? Was it a dream?
Was it all a dream? A dream ( It was all a dream )
Was it all a dream?
It was all, all-all, all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all, all a dream

[Bridge: The Notorious B.I.G.]
It was all
It was all, all, all-all, all, all-all-all-all-all-all-all, all a dream
It was all a dream
It was all, all, all, all, all, a-a-a-a-a-a-a-all a dream
It was all, all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all
All-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all
All-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all
All-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all a dream

[Outro: Jay-Z]
"I see," I said, "jealousy" I said
"Got the whole industry mad at me," I said
Then B.I. said,
"Hov, remind yourself:
Nobody built like you, you designed yourself!"
"I agree," I said, "my one of a kind self"
Getting stoned every day like Jesus did
"What he said," I said, "has been said before"
"Just keep doin your thing," he said; "say no more"
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Beanie Sigel]
Hm... damn, how I'ma say this shit?
Aye... aye, Dad
Yeah, it's your boy
Heh, remember me?
I wanna talk to you, scrap

[Verse 1: Beanie Sigel]
I remember being kicked out the house, 'cause I looked just like you
Said I'd be nothing but a crook—just like you
Either niggas in the hood was shook, or they just liked you
'Cause all they said was, "Little Whitey, look, I'm just like you"
But dawg, I can't see it at all, shit... we never kicked it at all
We never pitched or kicked at a ball
Dawg, you never taught me shit
How to fight, ride a bike, fix the flat, none of that sorts of shit
Nigga, you was an abusive Pop – fuck
You left me out to dry – stuck
Gotta teach Newz to box, gotta teach Newz to block
And that ain't the half of it, man, I gotta teach Newz the block
It's about time we have a father-to-son (Nigga, sit down)
Sit down, let me tell you 'bout your fatherless sons
How they grew to be men, and father they sons
Father they daughters—nigga, you left a fatherless daughter
I'd never follow your orders
Nigga, you make me sick; pussy, you could... ooh!
How you gon' leave these memories in the back of my mind?
I can see it clear as day, you smacking my mom
I 'member that day you showed me that gat, that 9
Put it in my palm when I was young, and said that would be mine
You turned me out, the reason why I hit the block
Reason why I tried to hit them cops
Reason why I started hitting shots
Reason why I started getting licked, and drinking syrup, and skipping court
Gingerbread Man, never think of gettin' caught
Look at your hands, man—damn, you fought
Nigga, you left my mom
Left us with no goodbyes, you left us out to dry
You left us with no letters, notes, no replies (No notes – nothing!)
No digits, numbers, was none listed
You left me with some of my loneliest nights
Nigga, some of my hungriest nights
Shit, one of the reasons for years... (Shit be embarrassing... damn...)
Damn, we used to think money was white
Yeah, you gave us life, like, fruit from a plant
We ain't eat right from them foods from them stamps
And to think, you was my pop, man (you was my Pop, nigga)
I gotta stop – shit...

[Chorus: L. Dionne & Beanie Sigel ]
"Daddy, where have you been?"
And when you comin' home? You got us here all alone
"Mommy, where daddy went?"
You'd always stick up for him, always said you'd make up for him
"Mommy, what happened then?"
What, was you cheating on him? Why's he always beating on you?!
"Daddy, where have you been?"
Nigga – you gon' hear me out

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
I wanted to walk just like you (Remember?)
Wanted to talk just like you (Word...)
Often, mama said I look too much and I thought just like you (Ya happy?)
Wanted to drink Miller nips
and smoke Newports just like you
But you left me, now I'm going to court just like you
I would say, "My daddy loves me and he'll never go away"
Bullshit – do you even remember December's my birthday?
Do you even remember the tender boy
You turned into a cold young man with one goal and one plan:
Get Mommy out of some jam, she was always in one
Always short with the income, always late with the rent
You said you was coming through, I would stay in the hallway (Waiting...)
Always playing the bench (Waiting...)
And that day came and went
Fuck you–very much, you showed me the worst kind of pain
But I'm stronger, and trust me, I will never hurt again
Would never ask Mommy, "Why Daddy don't love me?"
"Why is we so poor?" "Why is life so ugly?"
"Mommy, why is your eyes puffy?
Please don't cry, everything'll be alright
I know it's dark now, but we gon' see the light
It's us against the world, we don't need him, right?" (Right!)
Mommy driving 6's now (Yeah), I got riches now (G'yeah)
I bought a nice home for both of my sisters now
We doing real good, we don't miss you now
See how life twists around? (Fucker)

[Chorus: L. Dionne & Beanie Sigel ]
"Daddy, where have you been?"
And when you comin' home? You got us here all alone
"Mommy, where daddy went?"
Why you always stick up for him, always said you'd make up for him?
"Mommy, what happened then?"
What, was you cheating on him? Why's he always beating on you?!
"Daddy, where have you been?"
Nigga – you gon' hear me out
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Click Clack Lyrics

[Chorus: Bruno Mars]
You shot me through the heart, starin' in your eyes (Your eyes)
So I might die a happy man today (Today)
Just empty out your barrel, girl it's alright (Aha)
Click clack away (click clack away)
Click clack away (click clack away)
Go ahead, pull it, pull it, pull it (Yeah, Yeah)
Pull it, pull it, pull it (Yeah, yeah)
Pull it, pull it, pull it
Click clack away (Click clack away)
(Uh)

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
The feeling that I'm feeling is too real
I know you feel it too, because your feelings ain't concealed
You shot me through the roof and held me right under my will
Thinking if I made the blueprint, they maybe we can - build
Somebody tell my mama I just died
The irony is I ain't never felt more alive
I see a piecе of heaven when I look insidе your eyes
Tryna level with your broadcast, angel in disguise
Lets find a better place that we can go
Far away from everything and everything we know
'Cause ignorance is bliss and this society's a trip
I don't wanna see a slip, watch another paradise unfold
My plan is that we take it to the top
The only time we coming down is when our hearts drop

[Pre-Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
I remember running from bullets and stray shots
But I might stand there when yo' gun go, pop

[Chorus: Bruno Mars]
You shot me through the heart, starin' in your eyes (Your eyes)
So I might die a happy man today (Today)
Just empty out your barrel, girl it's alright (Aha)
Click clack away (click clack away)
Click clack away (click clack away)
Go ahead, pull it, pull it, pull it (Yeah, Yeah)
Pull it, pull it, pull it (Yeah, yeah)
Pull it, pull it, pull it
Click clack away (Click clack away)
(Uh)

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
So now we on that everlasting high
We chose to leave from planet Earth and live inside the sky
I know your last relation hurtin' heavy, did you cry?
I said to look ahead and won't you put your tears, a-side
It's funny how these things'll play out
I used to think a player with some game would play out
I used to hit the city late night and stay out
Sippin' something with my lady friends, at the steak house
But now I think I found just what I need
What I didn't have, I think I'm up to speed
The race against your love, and I don't plan on giving up
Even if you overlap me, I won't watch you take the lead
I promise I'mma give it all I got
'Cause what you got to give, money couldn't buy

[Pre-Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
I remember running from bullets and stray shots
But I might stand there when yo' gun go "Pop"

[Chorus: Bruno Mars]
You shot me through the heart, starin' in your eyes (Your eyes)
So I might die a happy man today (Today)
Just empty out your barrel, girl it's alright (Aha)
Click clack away (Click clack away)
Click clack away (Click clack away)
Go ahead, pull it, pull it, pull it (Yeah, yeah)
Pull it, pull it, pull it (Yeah, yeah)
Pull it, pull it, pull it
Click clack away (Click clack away)
(Uh)
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Girls, Girls, Girls (Part 2) Lyrics
A hidden track off the classic Blueprint album, featuring production by Kanye. It samples “Trying Girls Out” by The Persuaders and also features vocals from Michael Jackson and Chante Moore.

[Intro]
I'm not a one girl's guy
(Real talk for you, peep game)
And they know it
When it comes to love, I don't lie
(We don't lie, man)
And the girls respect me for it
(You gotta respect that)
Ain't gonna say my nose can't be opened
(I mean, never say never)
But right now, it's just too many fine ladies out there
(Too many ladies, hah)
To choose one from

[Pre-Chorus]
I love girls, girls, girls, girls, girls, I do adore
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I come off tour
(Woo)

[Verse 1]
Who you lovin'? Who you wanna be huggin', huh?
Who you with? Who you wanna be fuckin'?
Got this smarty art chick to whom I pose this question
I read a couple books to add to her soul's progression
To put this in laymen's terms, I gave her some knowledge
She gave me brains in return, she had to drop out of college
Now all she does is homework, I give her in-house tutorin'
In and out, I'm movin' through her student body union
And she call me professor, say daddy come and test her
So she could fail on purpose and repeat the semester
I'm like, "At this rate, ma, you'll never graduate"
She said, "I ain't no fool, I'll make it up in summer school"

[Chorus]
I love girls, girls, girls, girls, girls, I do adore
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I come off tour
Now let the people sing
I'm tryin' girls out
(Just tryin' girls out)
Just tryin' girls out
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I come off tour

[Verse 2]
Huh? Who you lovin'? Who you wanna be fuckin'?
Who said what? Why you trippin', girl? Why is you fussin'?
Got this model-slash-actress-slash-part-time waitress
Spend her whole day, she hanging 'round with part-time haters
All they do is dish dirt and put her up on my latest
Itinerary, but since I tend to vary, see
I tend to carry more rumors than ten Mariah Careys
Tend to hurries, in ten places at once (Woo)
Plus she can't front, 'cause peep how I run mines
Ma, our time together is our time together, and uh
Our time apart is our time apart
So love Jay with your mind, girl, and not your heart
And some day, I'll slow down, but for now, I get around
Like the late Makaveli or Pirelli twenty-inches
Or Caine and O-Dog, stick up tape from Menace
You tell 'em chicks if they must know my business

[Chorus]
I'm tryin' girls out
Just tryin' girls out
Put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I get off tour
I'm tryin' girls, girls, girls, girls, girls, I do adore
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I come off tour

[Verse 3]
I'm lookin' for a Southern girl that cook like Patti LaBelle
Big ghetto booty, scarf over her doobie
Chanel under the Louis, Gucci over her booty
Vicky cover her titties
, attitude of the city
Pretty, witty, girly, worldly
One who likes to party, but come home early
Light, kinda dark, short, sorta tall
Slim, kinda thick,
I swear I love 'em all
She can cook the coke and got hook-up on the license
But she can get you first-class seats for coach prices
Isn't this great? My flight leaves at eight
Her flight lands at nine, my game just rewinds

[Chorus]
I'm tryin' girls out
Just tryin' girls out
Put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I get off tour
I'm tryin' girls, girls, girls, girls, girls, I do adore
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I come off tour

[Outro]
I'm not a one girl's guy, and they know it
When it comes to love, I don't lie
And the girls respect me for it
Ain't gonna say my nose can't be opened
But right now, it's just too many fine ladies out there
To choose one from
I'm tryin' girls out (Waitin' patiently)
Just tryin' girls out (Until I find the one for me)
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Jay-Z]
Roc-A-Fella
,
Ruff Ryders,
Swizz Beatz
It's almost over, y'all
Jigga, how real is that?
Uhh, uhh, uhh, lights out, niggas!

[Chorus: Jay-Z & Eve ]
( Jigga ) What's my motherfuckin' name?
( Jigga ) And who I'm rollin' with, huh?
( My niggas ) Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh
Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right, WHO?
( Jigga ) What's my motherfuckin' name?
( Jigga ) And who I'm rollin' with, huh?
( My niggas ) Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh
Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Yeah.. yeah..
From the crap tables down in A.C.,
Back on the block, Jay-Z, motherfucker from the, the, the Roc
Went solo on that ass, but it's still the same
Brooklyn be the place where I served them thangs
B., my niggas was strugglin', to the 'burbs they came
And then we got to hustlin', murderin' thangs
I dipped in my stash, splurged on a chain
Now I'm Titanic, Iceberg's the name
Leave players on injured reserve, hurt the game
The best way to describe me in a word? Insane
I dick down chicks all emerged in my fame
Jigga been dope since Slick Rick's first chain
The God, send you back to the earth from which you came
I'm bakin' soda, water, fire, merged with 'caine
Ladies don't know me, said, "I heard he's vain"
Well, guess what, mami? I heard the same
You heard the name

[Chorus: Jay-Z & Eve ]
( Jigga ) What's my motherfuckin' name?
( Jigga ) And who I'm rollin' with huh?
( My niggas ) Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh
Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right, WHO?
( Jigga ) What's my motherfuckin' name?
( Jigga ) And who I'm rollin' with huh?
( My niggas ) Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh
Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Yeah, uhh, I got a license to kill so I steer the gat
Roc-A-Fella, Ruff Ryders, niggas scared of that
Got a new motto this year, "Don't Fuck With My Ones"
Knock on your door, three in the mornin'
"It's just us and the guns!"
See I scramble with priests, hustle with nuns
I got the, mind capacity of a young Butch Cassidy
Niggas get fly, let 'em defy gravity
Fo'-five rapidly, lift your chest cavity
Streets won't let me chill
Always been a clumsy nigga, don't let me spill
Muh'fuckers wanna wet me, still – I remain, y'all
Raw, the one, like five divided by four
Shit, this just the hate that's been provided by y'all
Reciprocated and multiplied by more
You likely to see Jigga in a wide-body or
Drop-top Bentley Azure, holla at me y'all, uhh

[Chorus: Jay-Z & Eve ]
( Jigga ) What's my motherfuckin' name?
( Jigga ) And who I'm rollin' with huh?
( My niggas ) Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh
Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right, WHO?
( Jigga ) What's my motherfuckin' name?
( Jigga ) And who I'm rollin' with huh?
( My niggas ) Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh
Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
I don't give a fuck if I sold one or one million, but I think you should
'Cause if I only sold one, then out comes the hood
The all black and the gloves, the outcome ain't good
Them niggas act like wolves, how come? They could
'Cause we don't drop hits, we drop bombs that smash
'Til the wrists is lit up, the arm look like glass
The necklace chipped up, the charm it flash
Could fuck up your eyes like the bombest hash
See the reason why chicks let me palm they ass
All I gotta do is let 'em call me Shawn, they glad
Let 'em sit up in the whip 'til I launch it back
Snap they neck, then shoot 'em 'til they arms in back
The calmest cat, trust me when I palm this gat
Kill your mind, body and soul, push your conscious back
Monster's back, and Flex drop a bomb to that
And e'rybody sing-a-long to the track, c'mon
Uh-huh-uhh, uhh!

[Chorus: Jay-Z & Eve ]
( Jigga ) What's my motherfuckin' name?
( Jigga ) And who I'm rollin' with huh?
( My niggas ) Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh
Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right, WHO?
( Jigga ) What's my motherfuckin' name?
( Jigga ) And who I'm rollin' with huh?
( My niggas ) Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh
Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right
( Jigga ) What's my motherfuckin' name?
( Jigga ) And who I'm rollin' with huh?
( My niggas ) Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh
Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right, WHO?
( Jigga ) What's my motherfuckin' name?
( Jigga ) And who I'm rollin' with huh?
( My niggas ) Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh
Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right
( Jigga, haha )
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
XXL Freshmen Freestyle Lyrics
This is Kendrick Lamar’s verse from XXL’s 2011 Freshman promotions.
I return before tables get turned
It’s my turn, spur of the moment
They re-produce my sperm and try to clone it,
stand firm
Bumping The Firm, Phone Tap, I’m on it
I slaughter every opponent to bits of components, potent
You can’t fuck with the horse power, your woofing too much
Y’all bout to hoarse coward, as soon as I buss, pause
You put your hands on a broad and telling me you can brawl
You thought you saw me when you saw Saw, frightening
More reckless than a paisa driving without a license
Hittin’ your new truck then leaving you hiking
They said no, the industry
let it go
I cracked the window then hit the back door like trick dices
Stickin’ and movin and movin’ and stickin’ the prices
Uppin’ the ante before I'm a antique, can promise you hear me clear
Even if you eat 3 ears with Tyson
Rippin’ the panties but bootin’ the wammys
They dyke and I’m liking them all, I’m siftin’ through panties
Haters’ll spike it
Voicing opinions but holding laryngitis
But I don’t hear ‘em, I’m a winner by law
Track em down like the subway when they sub-par
Sub-zero everytime I jump in the synagogues
Send the angels, send the God
I can make you look hard, I know
I just let the thoughts take its toll
More sentences than level four of y’all, Bogard
Go hard, black tar, concrete, Tom Vick times Papi Mason times 3
Uncle Toms need Tums to stomach atomic bombs
Or die from my Wizardry
RZA, GZA, Method Man
I’m a killer B
, killer! Be killed, make your embassy yield
This is not your cup of tea, and oh
They say waters run deep, dive in, Bermuda triangles
And you will see us, we must leave dust behind
Emcee’s duck, deduct, revenue declined
When we touch down like a Running Back’s grind
Can you keep up and keep us safe for keepsake
That ain't safe
Compton!
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Bitch, yeah, ha
Compton most wanted, haunted by the ghost of the dead
Climbing out the casket, with a bullet in the head
All blue, all red, smothers every corner
Catch 'em while they're young like the symptoms of pneumonia
Good 'ol California, killa' California
Where the violence lives, and the peace remains homeless
Killers off the leash, at the mouth, they be foaming
Mad dog mad dog, my goonies be some mad dogs
I'm in the booth zoning
Like 28 grams, of the good yams
Fiends line up in the morning
I'm cloning, greatness
My words made of fire like I'm rhyming about satan
I could burn through some braces
If I had 'em
This is the return of the dragon
I'm not talking about, Bruce Lee
I'm talking about, true heat
And it look like you got cold feet
Step into the flame and I might rekindle your name
(laughing)
Point blank range, as I take aim, at success
Put a bullet in the brain, then one more, in the chest
I'm not thinking about no vest, that is not a factor
I rip through that like I rip through a rapper
I'm not a rapper, I am a raptor
Dinosaur climbing on, everything that I perform
Mayhem, chaos, they pray i, fall
Victim of a fight, which is a gunslinging brawl
But I'm all in all aware, that I'm rare
Like a flying saucer hovin' through the air
Kendrick don't have a spare, meaning there's
No two alike, you can bet it, and I guarantee I'm right
Like a freeway exit,
I hope you get the message
Before your T-Mobile lose service
And don’t log off AIM on purpose, you nervous
Ain't you, I'm ready to spank you
Discipline the disobedient hang 'em like Willy Lynch
Don't fuck with me
I'm a furnace, burning, turn this mothafucka' inside out like
Daddy mac, mac,
daddy's back with a brand new bag
And I'm talking about, mo' money pussy and pistols
Students please get out your pencils
I'm about to break down the principles of the game
Don't complain because, it could be much worse
Whenever you took an L, know that, you could be taking a hearse
Ask you first, don't trust no skirt because bitches are the biggest liars
You playing with that you playing with fire
Burn (echoes)
Straight from the belly of the beast
Break it to the police
Said he put it on me
I'm a ride til my wheels fall off with a G
Ride with the P, 89 creep
On him like a ninja, you entered the warzone
Your home Get bombed on, like an iraqi, and the policy
A guerilla warfare, that nothing is fair
We playin for keeps, no food no sleep
I'm a warrior the coroner going to have to come and get him
Put him under the streets, and I guarantee
I hit 'em where it hurts, I'm a lurk where he sleeps
His alarm clock beep, I be right there
Gun then knife, dead kids, dead wife
Dead bedrock head shot, I'm a hit him twice
Then clear out the block, until there's no mo' life there
Top dawg ENT, bitch we right here
We ain't runnin'
We be gunnin'
Niggas talk alot but they don't say nothin'
Chop 'em up, slice 'em up, he a cooked onion
Shake 'em down, break 'em down, throw 'em in a dungeon
Don't wanna brawl with 5-6 hog
I'm a beast when I bark, every skyship fall
Ground shall break, part the seas and the greatest lakes
Anarchy is taking place, turn gorillas to bathing apes
I'm a gorilla in every state
Your opinion don't mean shit mind yo business
Before I give your mind a business
Ask matadors I ain't bullshittin'
Bitches
Bleh bleh
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Rich Spirit (Original) Lyrics

[Verse 1]
Back door lil' Joe
Life is how the dice roll, pay my debt ten fold
Stomp yo ass' out in some
Kenneth Cole
Stomp yo' ass out, then call J. Cole
Man, this is way cold, man, this that eight flow, man
On my eight level up, need like eight more, man
I don't hate no man, I don't chase no man
2.5, Macarena, 4.5, slow dance
Say my pockets Roseanne, and my music choke-slam
Say my trophies hold hands, don't confuse it with some ten (Bitch)
Raw and un-cut, cut, cut, cut, cut (Bitch)
Y'all looking
sus, sus, sus, sus, sus
Lil' Man-Man, the big mans, the GT diamond flippin' the kickstand,
stupid
I remember it was Grand-Am's
Two Jay Rocks on me, and they went blam, blam

[Chorus]
Rich nigga, broke phone
Tryna keep the balance, I'm stayin' strong
Stop playin' with me 'fore I turn you to a song
Stop playin' with me 'fore I turn you to a song
Bitch, I'm attractive
Handsome ass
, ugly nigga, attractive
Bitch, I'm attractive
Handsome ass, ugly nigga, attractive

[Verse 2]
Fuck who's hot (Hoe)
It's all about who sayin' it, and who's not (Bitch)
I'm taking up my time meditating, uh, huh
Vipassana
, working on my patience, uh, huh
I pull up in the hood from time to time
Not to stunt on niggas (Alright)
But to warn my niggas (Alright)
Tell me what happened to integrity
Oh, I forgot, yall trade it for celebrity
Say it with me, yeah, I do the most
But you can't say it with me
Yeah I say it, I'm the GOAT, but you can't say it with me
Love me every coast but you can't say it with me
Live good like a king, but you can't say it with me
Holding big protein
, but you can't say it with me
Hoppin' in the back, but you can't say it with me
Don't know how to act but you can't say it with me (Facts)

[Chorus]
Rich nigga, broke phone
Tryna keep the balance, I'm stayin' strong
Stop playin' with me 'fore I turn you to a song
Stop playin' with me 'fore I turn you to a song
Bitch, I'm attractive
Handsome ass, ugly nigga, attractive
Bitch, I'm attractive
Handsome ass, ugly nigga, attractive

[Verse 3]
Let's talk about the things that I hate
I hate the trendiness, I hate the gossip, can't relate
I hate opinions when the subject got no real estate
I hate the men and woman, into saving face
I hate the wait, I hate to play it safe
I'm an engineer, I hate, you got no taste
You hate, I persevere
I hear your truth, I hear your lie
What I hate the most? Oh, When somebody die
When somebody die (Die), you will say you in your feelings
When somebody die (Die), you will say that was your nigga
When somebody die (Die), you gon' ask for forgiveness
When somebody die (Die), you gon' use it for attention
When somebody die (Die), everybody fake woke
When somebody die, coping mechanisms is a joke
When somebody die, how many want to be a part of it?
Fuck the condolences, it's all about the art of it

[Chorus]
Rich nigga, broke phone
Tryna keep the balance, I'm stayin' strong
Stop playin' with me 'fore I turn you to a song
Stop playin' with me 'fore I turn you to a song
Bitch, I'm attractive
Handsome ass, ugly nigga, attractive
Bitch, I'm attractive
Handsome ass, ugly nigga, attractive
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
All rhymers with Alzheimer's, line up please
All mamis with mind freeze, please line up please
All bloggers with comments, please, I come in peace
Let's see if we can kill your amnesia by the time I leave
All mamis I whored before'll vouch for me
Tell 'em 'bout the time on your momma's couch, mami (Ahh)
All hustlers who ever bought a eighth from me
Take this time out to set the record straight for me
'Member me? Silver bullet, hard top Ben-t-ley
They think I'm out of shape, so I have to jog they memory
Think with indelible ink, I let the pen go
Verses permanently tattooed, serve as mementos
Ugh, I'm so mental
My track record speaks for itself, I'm so instrumental
Allow me to rekindle, let's all
Reminisce
like Mary did
I think I have to send you a reminder, here it is

[Chorus: K. Briscoe & Jay-Z ]
Reminder ( uhh ), reminder ( uhh )
I got it if you needed a reminder ( uhh )
Reminder ( uhh ), reminder ( uhh )
I think I better give you a reminder ( uhh )
Reminder ( uhh ), reminder ( uhh )
I got it if you needed a reminder ( uhh )
Reminder ( uhh ), reminder ( uhh )
'Cause I can give you a friendly reminder ( uhh )

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
What the hell have y'all done?
To even heav-an opinion on what I've been doin'
What the hell have y'all won?
Only thing you can identify with is losing
Ten number one albums in a row, who better than me?
Only The Beatles, nobody ahead of me
I crush Elvis and his Blue Suede Shoes
Made the Rolling Stones seem sweet as Kool-Aid too
'96,
'97,
'98,
'99
2000,
2001
and beyond
'02,
'03,
'04, '05
'06 and 7,
'
08,
'09
Back-to-back, double plat', I did what you won't
Men lie, women lie, numbers don't
Ain't nothin' changed for, me 'cept the year it is
I think I have to send you a reminder, here it is

[Chorus: K. Briscoe & Jay-Z ]
Reminder ( uhh ), reminder ( uhh )
I got it if you needed a reminder ( uhh )
Reminder ( uhh ), reminder ( uhh )
I think I better give you a reminder ( uhh )
Reminder ( uhh ), reminder ( uhh )
I got it if you needed a reminder ( uhh )
Reminder ( uhh ), reminder ( uhh )
'Cause I can give you a friendly reminder ( uhh )

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Do what I've done without cryin'
In the environment in which I did it in without dyin', my nigga
Then rap like I rap without lyin'
Then tie 'em both together like I am, my nigga
Then write sixteens in between runnin' sixteen bid'nesses
All the while showin' these young punks what the bid'ness is
As if, I'ma let you niggas style on me
As if, now everybody's senile on me
Throwbacks, I threw 'em back, remember those, button-ups?
Young Hov,
tell them ordinary Joe's button up
I destroy your 4.0's
And Benz 500's it all points to oh!
Now you niggas 'member me? Tell me how could you forget
Back of Johnny's album cover, red and blue Gucci shit
Ain't nothin' changed but the year it is
I think I have to send you a reminder, here it is

[Chorus: K. Briscoe & Jay-Z ]
Reminder ( uhh ), reminder ( uhh )
I got it if you needed a reminder ( uhh )
Reminder ( uhh ), reminder ( uhh )
I think I better give you a reminder ( uhh )
Reminder ( uhh ), reminder ( uhh )
I got it if you needed a reminder ( uhh )
Reminder ( uhh ), reminder ( uhh )
'Cause I can give you a friendly reminder ( uhh )
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Kanye West]

[Intro: Labi Siffre]
Find your dreams come true
And I wonder if you know
What it means, what it means
And I wonder if you know
What it means, what it means
And I wonder if you know
What it means to find your dreams
And I wonder

[Verse 1: Kanye West & Labi Siffre ]
I've been waitin' on this my whole life
( And I wonder )
These dreams be wakin' me up at night
( And I wonder )
You say I think I'm never wrong
( And I wonder )
You know what? Maybe you're right, aight?

[Chorus: Labi Siffre]
And I wonder if you know
What it means, what it means
And I wonder if you know
What it means to find your dreams
And I wonder

[Verse 2: Kanye West & Labi Siffre ]
You say he get on your fuckin' nerves ( And I wonder )
You hope that he get what he deserves—word! ( And I wonder )
Do you even remember what the issue is?
You just tryna find where the tissue is
You can still be who you wish you is
It ain't happen yet, and that's what intuition is
( And I wonder )
When you hop back in the car
Drive back to the crib, run back to their arms
The smokescreens, the chokes and the screams
You ever wonder what it all really means?

[Chorus: Labi Siffre]
And I wonder if you know
What it means, what it means
And I wonder if you know
What it means to find your dreams
And I wonder

[Verse 3: Kanye West & Labi Siffre ]
And I'm back on my grind
A psychic read my lifeline, told me in my lifetime
My name would help light up the Chicago skyline
And that's why I'm
( And I wonder )
Seven o'clock, that's primetime
Heaven'll watch, God callin' from the hotlines
Why he keep givin' me hot lines?
I'm a star, how could I not shine? ( And I wonder )
How many ladies in the house? ( If you know )
How many ladies in the house without a spouse? ( What it means )
Somethin' in your blouse got me feelin' so aroused ( What it means )
What you about? ( And I wonder )
On that independent shit ( If you know )
Trade it all for a husband and some kids ( What it means )
You ever wonder what it all really mean?
You wonder if you'll ever find your dreams?
( To find yo ur dreams come true )

[Instrumental Outro]
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Compton Life Lyrics

[Intro]
Uh, oh, y'all know what it is
Uh, it's that Compton—ish (Woo!)

[Chorus]
Chevy lights, women you like
Husslin' nights (Yeah)
Rollin' dice, gangsta rights
Hood advice (Right)
Chevy lights, women you like
Husslin' nights (Ad lib)
Rollin' dice, gangsta rights
Hood advice (Let's go)

[Verse 1]
I'm back at it again
My city back at it wit' him
Back against the wall, K Dot, they tryna pin
But they can't fuck with that pen
The shit I write is brighter than blue gems, uh
You better stay in that gym
Exercise your mind 'til it's strong enough to fuck with mine
Stick to my roots like Black Thought and 'em
I'm Black with thoughts of Einstein
One word describing him: genius
What you know about the city I live in?
Where the souls of the dead is livin'?
You don't know about our living conditions
We live righteously, we can give a fuck about your opinion
But it's more than just weed and women
Gangsters, husslers,
bullet collisions
Players, pimps, who can envision?
The place where I reside where Eazy was pitchin'
Dre was '64 lifting, N.W.A. had mention
Quik had the turntables mixin'
The first ones to say fuck the system
I'm tryna tell you about

[Chorus]
Chevy lights, women you like
Husslin' nights, yeah, homie, that's Compton life
Rollin' dice, gangsta rights
Hood advice, homie that's Compton life
Chevy lights, women you like
Husslin' nights, homie that's Compton life
Rollin' dice, gangsta rights
Hood advice, homie that's Compton life (Yeah)

[Verse 2]
His own street like concrete
Would best describe fit his gutter but see, I'm what's underneath
A young gun but not like your Young Chris and Neef
I'm from the land of organized crime, disorderly peace
‘Cause nowadays niggas hustle when they order their piece
And worship their gun the same as their religious beliefs
The Compton shares can't forget the police
'Cause in the hood tellin' pigs no more, it be the mark of the beast
And their main aim is just the talk of the streets
But when you see 'em, please be quick on your feet
There they go, watch em!
Had you for roadkill just like a possum
You could contain 'em, but there's no way that you can stop 'em
Niggas plant their seeds to be gangstas, hoping one day they blossom
The same time, hope the system don't lock 'em
'Cause Compton raised niggas and bitches, we barely got 'em
Unless you talk about the one with the attitude problem
From Rosecrans to Central, Compton Centennial
We back, that's for my people, it's official

[Chorus]
Chevy lights, women you like
Husslin' nights, homie that's Compton life
Rollin' dice, gangsta rights
Hood advice, homie that's Compton life
Chevy lights, women you like
Husslin' nights, homie that's Compton life
Rollin' dice, gangsta rights
Hood advice, homie that's Compton life

[Post-Chorus]
Let's bring it back
Back to the streets, of course
Yeah, uh, Compton, right, uh
Homie, homie

[Verse 3]
I don't know if he new around here
But it's good to know somebody if you're new around here
'Cause it ain't too safe for you to cruise around here
Niggas stick to your ass like glue around here
Take New Jersey and fit it shit, whatever you don't care
It ain't no magic trick if they make your shit disappear
The outcome is severe, and some of this casket will last a day
But I'm amazed 'cause the young boy been here for years
I've seen niggas shed blood blood tears
Hope you not try to plan for the future, niggas will mute you
Hit your door in the morning, wake you up like roosters
Introduce you to Rugers
Clock you in like Zab Judah
A nightmare on my street, it's Fred Krueger where I live
Minus the actress and the producers
Even adolenscence will shoot you over that paper
We get vapors like Biz Markie, but still I'm used to
From Rosecrans to Central, Compton's Anthemia
We back, that's for my people, it's official

[Chorus]
Chevy lights, women you like
Husslin' nights, homie that's Compton life
Rollin' dice, gangsta rights
Hood advice, homie that's Compton life
Chevy lights, women you like
Husslin' nights, homie that's Compton life
Rollin' dice, gangsta rights
Hood advice, homie that's Compton life

[Outro]
Uh, right, we back
Uh, I see, I see
I see it's me HUB, CID, what?
Don't ask why Compton's me, nigga
Haha, K-DOT
It's for my people on the blocks man, yeah
On the West side, on the South side, for the East side
Got them niggas
This all day, I've seen you
Can you? Build a trip deep, [?] right?
Books, [?], I seen you
Compton blocks, the Compton blocks, niggas
Compton blocks, the Compton blocks, niggas
You know where to find me, I am on the West side
I am Compton, right
Let's go
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Stelios Phili]
24/7, 365, Kendrick Lamar is always right on time
Oh, you thought you had me all figured out?
Take it from the horse's mouth, you'll never understand me
I told you the plan B was to win your hearts before we win a Grammy
These days ain't shit changed, different toilet - same shit
And I drunk a whole gallon of laxatives by accident just to shit on you has beens
Had it been for my past tense I wouldn't be rappin'
But now I'm here, GQ, man of the year
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Kanye West]

[Intro: Otis Redding & JAY-Z ]
It makes it easier, easier to bear
You won't regret it, no, no, no
Some girls, they don't forget it
Love is their only happiness
Squee'— Squee'— Squee'—
( Sounds so soulful, don't you agree? )
Squeeze her, don't tease her, never leave her

[Verse 1: JAY-Z]
Uh, I invented swag
Poppin' bottles, puttin' supermodels in the cab
Proof
I guess I got my swagger back, truth
New watch alert, Hublots
Or the big-face Rollie, I got two of those
Arm out the window, through the city, I maneuver slow
Cock back, snapback, see my cut through the holes, Hov

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Damn, Yeezy and Hov, where the hell you been?
Niggas talking real reckless, stuntmen
I adopted these niggas, Phillip Drummond them
Now I'm 'bout to make 'em tuck they whole summer in
They say I'm crazy, well, I'm 'bout to go dumb again
They ain't seen me 'cause I pulled up in my other Benz
Last week, I was in my other, other Benz
Throw your diamonds up 'cause we in this bitch another 'gain

[Verse 3: JAY-Z]
Photoshoot fresh, looking like wealth
I'm 'bout to call the paparazzi on myself
Uh, live from the Mercer
Run up on Yeezy the wrong way, I might murk ya
Flee in the G450, I might surface
Political refugee, asylum can be purchased
Uh, everything's for sale
I got five passports, I'm never going to jail

[Verse 4: Kanye West]
I made "Jesus Walks," I'm never going to hell
Couture-level flow is never going on sale
Luxury rap, the Hermès of verses
Sophisticated ignorance, write my curses in cursive
I get it custom, you a customer
You ain't accustomed to going through customs, you ain't been nowhere, hah?
And all the ladies in the house got 'em showing off
I'm done, I'll hit you up maña— nah

[Verse 5: JAY-Z]
Welcome to Havana
Smoking Cubanos with Castro in cabanas
Viva México, Cubano
Dominicano, all the plugs that I know
Driving Benzes with no benefits
Not bad, huh, for some immigrants?
Build your fences, we diggin' tunnels
Can't you see we gettin' money up under you?

[Verse 6: Kanye West, Jay-Z & Both ]
Can't you see the private jets flying over you?
Maybach bumper sticker read, "What would Hova do?"
Jay is chillin' ( Uh ), Ye is chillin' ( Uh )
What more can I say?
We killin' 'em
Hold up before we end this campaign
As you can see, we done bodied the damn lames
Lord, please let them accept the things they can't change
And pray that all of they pain be champagne

[Outro]
Scream it
Give it
Scream it
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by DJ Toomp]

[Intro]
Stadium status

[Chorus]
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother,
who was No I.D. friend
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin

[Verse 1]
It's the
Hard Knock Life
Tour, sellout
Picture us in the mall, coppin' Iceberg and yell out "Jigga"
Yeah, that's what we'll yell out, yell out
You know the name do I gotta spell out or tell 'bout
J-A-Y,
and 'Ye so shy
That he won't even step to his idol to say hi
Standing there like a mime and let the chance pass by
Back of my mind, "He could change your life
With all these beats I did, at least let him hear it
At least you can brag to ya friends back at the gig"
But he got me out my momma crib
Then he help me get my momma a crib

[Chorus]
Big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother,
who was No I.D. friend
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin, begin
Let the story begin
If you feel the way I feel, why don't you wave your hands?

[Verse 2]
Fresh off the plane, I'm off to Baseline
Nothing handed out, I'm 'bout to take mine
'Round the same time of that
Blueprint 1
And these beats in my pocket was that blueprint for him
I'd play my little songs in that old back room
He'd bob his head and say "Damn! Oh, that's you?"
But by
The Black Album
, I was blacking out
Partyin' S.O.B.'s and we had packed a crowd
Big brother got his show up at Madison Square
And I'm like "Yeah, yeah, we gon' be there" but
Not only did I not get a chance to spit it
Carline told me I could buy two tickets
I guess big brother was thinkin' a little different
And kept little brother at bay, at a distance
But everything that I felt was more bogus
Only made me more focused, only wrote more potent
Only thing I wanna know is why I get looked over
I guess I'll understand when I get more older
Big brother saw me at the bottom of the totem
Now I'm on the top and everybody on the scrotum

[Chorus]
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother,
who was No I.D. friend
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin, begin
Let the story begin
If you feel the way I feel why don't you wave your hands?

[Verse 3]
Have you ever walked in the shadow of a giant?
Not only a client, the Presidito,
hola, Hovito
The game gettin' foul so here's a free throw
I was always on the other side of the peephole
Then I dropped "Jesus Walks" now I'm on the steeple
And we know, "New Jack City"—got to keep my brother
But to be number one I'ma beat my brother
On that "Diamonds" remix I swore I spazzed
Then my big brother came through and kicked my ass
Sibling rivalry, only I could see
It was the pride in me that was drivin' me
At the Grammys I said, "I inspired me"
But my big brother who I always tried to be
When I kicked a flow it was like pick-and-roll
'Cause even if he gave me the rock, it's give-and-go
I guess Beanie's style was more of a slam dunk
And my shit was more like a finger roll
But I had them singles though
And them hoes at the show gonna mingle, yo, heh, y'all know
I told Jay I did a song with Coldplay
Next thing I know he got a song with Coldplay
Back in my mind I'm like, "Damn, no way"
Translate, español: "No way, José"
Then I went and told Jay Brown
Shoulda known that was gon' come back around
Shoulda talked to you like a man, shoulda told you first
But I told somebody else and that's what made shit worse

[Bridge]
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
So here's a few words from ya kid brother
If you admire somebody you should go on 'head tell 'em
People never get the flowers while they can still smell 'em
A idol in my eyes, god of the game
Heart of the City
,
Roc-a-Fella chain
Never be the same, never be another
Number one, Young Hov, also my big brother

[Chorus]
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother,
who was No I.D. friend
No I.D., my mentor, and that's where the story ends

[Outro]
Toomp killed this shit
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced By Daft Punk & Kanye West]

[Verse 1]
For my theme song ( Black )
My leather black jeans on ( Black )
My by-any-means on
Pardon, I'm getting my scream on ( Black )
Enter the kingdom ( Black )
But watch who you bring home
They see a black man with a white woman
At the top floor they gone come to kill King Kong
Middle America packed in ( Black )
Came to see me in my black skin ( Black )
Number one question they're askin'
Fuck every question you askin' ( Black )
If I don't get ran out by Catholics ( Black )
Here come some conservative Baptists
Claiming I'm overreactin'
Like them black kids in Chiraq, bitch

[Chorus]
Four in the mornin', and I'm zonin'
They say I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300, like the Romans
Three hundred bitches, where the Trojans?
Baby, we livin' in the moment
I've been a menace for the longest
But I ain't finished, I'm devoted
And you know it, and you know it

[Post-Chorus]
So follow me up 'cause this shit 'bout to go (Down)
I'm doing 500, I'm outta control (Now)
But there's nowhere to go (Now)
And there's no way to slow (Down)
If I knew what I knew in the past
I would've been blacked out on your ass

[Chorus]
Four in the mornin', and I'm zonin'
They say I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300, like the Romans
Three hundred bitches, where the Trojans?
Baby, we livin' in the moment
I've been a menace for the longest
But I ain't finished, I'm devoted
And you know it, and you know it

[Verse 2]
Stop all that coon shit ( Black )
Early morning cartoon shit ( Black )
This is that goon shit
Fuck up your whole afternoon shit
I'm aware I'm a wolf
Soon as the moon hit
I'm aware I'm a king
Back out the tomb, bitch ( Black )
Black out the room, bitch ( Black )
Stop all that coon shit ( Black )
These niggas ain't doin' shit ( Black )
Them niggas ain't doin' shit
Come on, homie, what happened?
You niggas ain't breathin', you gaspin'
These niggas ain't ready for action
Ready, ready for action-action

[Chorus]
Four in the mornin', and I'm zonin'
I think I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300 like the Romans
Three hundred bitches, where the Trojans?
Baby, we livin' in the moment
I've been a menace for the longest
But I ain't finished, I'm devoted
And you know it, and you know it

[Post-Chorus]
So follow me up 'cause this shit 'bout to go (Down)
I'm doing 500, I'm outta control (Now)
But there's nowhere to go (Now)
And there's no way to slow (Down)
If I knew what I knew in the past
I would've been blacked out on your ass

[Outro]
God, God, God, God
God, God, God, God
God, God, God
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
K104 Halloween Freestyle Lyrics
Real rap, I knock rhymes right off of your skull cap
You can't see me when I step into the booth
Your wish list, K.Dot, yeah I'm the truth
Stuntin, you'd better get your broom
Cause I'm flying with witches and we're going to the moon
With this album, debut at that
I'm so fly I might float with the bats
Y'all know the most
Biggie and Pac, they behind me as my ghosts
Cause you think they write for me when I step into the drop
My shit is so sweet, candy flavored, no you're not
Skeletons in my closet
And no, you can't get up off it
This the freestyle, trick or treat
Halloween, better come with me, I'm sweet
Pumpkins, smacking them across they head
And I'm pokin' eyeballs out on the web instead
He gonna gonna keep going
Baby, sex tape killed me
Ye, ye, I'm so fly, right now I'm so high
Matter of fact oh we talking about the hurricane
I'm talking about New York, I pray for y'all, know what I mean
I don't want that to happen, cuz if so I might just start rapping
Kim Kardashian, Wiz did that ass in

[Laughter]
Coming straight from Compton, I thought y'all know
I ain't gonna look at the cards yet, cause I'm 'bout to flow
Matter fact, this the perfect part to talk about them Lakers
Everybody that's disrespecting, y'all the fakers
We gonna keep going, off the top of the dome
Mavs, y'all gonna go home
Teach y'all to come back to my city
Shrink you, G
Five times, four times, that's the repeat
Obama, we ain't gonna talk about Ritt Momney
Because he's whack, fugazi, fugazi
I don't need to talk about the flow that I'm in
If you gonna vote, vote for Obama
He's gonna win, fo sho
And we gonna keep on going
Off the top, we just gonna keep on flowing
We gonna get back to this little punk, he's crap
Mitt Romney, show 'em how to rap
Matter fact, this freestyle is just dedicated to him
You're homeboys right now with Slim
Your chances, you're not gonna win
You need to go back to where you came from, boy
It's the ruler of the game
Obama, vote now homeboy, he's got change
What's up
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Andrew Dawson, Jeff Bhasker, Kanye West, Mike Dean & S1]

[Intro: Kanye West]
I'm living in that 21st century, doing something mean to it
Do it better than anybody you ever seen do it
Screams from the haters got a nice ring to it
I guess every superhero need his theme music

[Chorus: Kanye West]
No one man should have all that power
The clock’s ticking, I just count the hours
Stop tripping, I'm tripping off the power
( 21st-century schizoid man )

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
The system broken, the school's closed, the prison's open
We ain't got nothing to lose, motherfucker, we rolling
Huh? Motherfucker, we rolling
With some light-skinned girls and some Kelly Rowlands
In this white man world, we the ones chosen
So goodnight, cruel world, I'll see you in the morning
Huh? I'll see you in the morning
This is way too much, I need a moment

[Chorus: Kanye West]
No one man should have all that power
The clock's ticking, I just count the hours
Stop tripping, I'm tripping off the power
'Til then, fuck that, the world's ours
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
( 21st-century schizoid man )

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Fuck SNL and the whole cast
Tell them Yeezy said they can kiss my whole ass
More specifically, they can kiss my asshole
I'm an asshole? You niggas got jokes
You short-minded niggas' thoughts is Napoleon
My furs is Mongolian, my ice brought the goalies in
I embody every characteristic of the egotistic
He knows he's so fuckin' gifted
I just needed time alone with my own thoughts
Got treasures in my mind, but couldn't open up my own vault
My childlike creativity, purity, and honesty
Is honestly being crowded by these grown thoughts
Reality is catching up with me
Taking my inner child, I'm fighting for custody
With these responsibilities that they entrusted me
As I look down at my diamond-encrusted piece

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Thinking no one man should have all that power
The clock's ticking, I just count the hours
Stop tripping, I'm tripping off the powder
'Til then, fuck that, the world’s ours
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
( 21st-century schizoid man )

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
Colin Powells, Austin Powers
Lost in a whole fuckin' nation
They say I was the abomination of Obama's nation
Well, that's a pretty bad way to start the conversation
At the end of the day, goddamnit, I'm killing this shit
I know damn well y'all feeling this shit
I don't need your pussy, bitch, I'm on my own dick
I ain't gotta power trip, who you goin' home with?
How Ye doing? I'm survivin'
I was drinkin' earlier, now I'm drivin'
Where the bad bitches, huh? Where you hidin'?
I got the power make your life so excitin'

[Outro: Kanye West & Dwele ]
Now this will be a beautiful death
I'm jumping out the window, I'm letting everything go
I'm letting everything go
Mmm, now this will be a beautiful death
I'm jumping out the window, I'm letting everything go
I'm letting everything go
Now this will be a beautiful death
Jumping out the window, letting everything go
Letting everything go
You got the power to let power go?
(21st-century schizoid man)
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Jay-Z & Memphis Bleek ]
Uh-huh uh yeah, gi-gi-geyeah
Time to come up, hold my own weight, defend my crown
Gots to lock it down and when they rush -- part two
Cocaine whiter now
Operation is sweet
Whole game tighter now
Moving a brick a week
Plus a nigga price is down
We them niggas to see
Time to start the arising now
I don't know what's wrong with Bleek

[Verse 1: Jay-Z & Memphis Bleek ]
It seems, I'm like Keenan, picking up on the vibe
That he ain't too happy, I could just see it in his eyes
I don't know if it's the chicks or how we dividing the loot
Time to pay his ass a visit 'fore he decide to get cute
Jumped out like a star with the flavest car
Matching the gator shirt, softer than my next door neighbors
These young niggas think I fell out the loop
'Cause the last time they seen me hopping out the Coupe
I hopped out in a suit
Look at this nigga Jay fronting, trying to take my shine
I didn't say this verbally, just had some shit on my mind
Plus I'm puffing like an ounce more than I used to puff
Taking advice from these niggas but they ain't used to stuff
They had me thinking, "Shit, I'm the one that moved the stuff
While he drive around town in brand new Coupes and stuff"
Swear to God, they had me practically hating his guts
As he approached I spoke, "Jigga, whattup?"

[Chorus: Memphis Bleek & ( Jay-Z )]
I done came up ( uhh ), put my life on the line ( uhh )
Soaked the game up ( yeah ), now it's my time to shine
Time to change up ( what? ), no more second in line
Nine-eight, these streets is mine
( Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh-uh-huh-uh-huh )

[Verse 2: Jay-Z & Memphis Bleek ]
Look at that fake smile he just gave me, it's breaking my heart
Should I school him or pull the tools out and just break him apart?
I felt his hatred it was harsh -- 'fore this faking shit start
I should take him in back of the building and blaze him
Uh-oh, this nigga Jay, he ain't slow, he musta picked up on the vibe
But had I not been so high, I woulda been able to hide
Tried to cover up myself, as I gave him a five
Hugged him as if I loved him
, to the naked eye
It woulda seemed we was the closest, but to those that know us
Could see that something was about to go down
Stay focused, I'm trying to concentrate
But it's like he's reading my mind
As if he can see through this fog and all this weed in my mind
Could he see I had plans on, being the man
Ever since we first spoke and he put that G in my hand
And I gave it back to show him, I was down for the cause
As he approached
("Whattup Bleek?")
and I paused

[Chorus: Memphis Bleek & Jay-Z ]
I done came up ( uhh ), put my life on the line ( uhh )
Soaked the game up ( yeah ), now it's my time to shine
Time to change up ( what? ), no more second in line
Nine-eight, these streets is mine
Yeah, you done came up (uhh), put your life on the line (uhh)
Soaked the game up (uhh), now it's yo' time to shine (yeah)
Time to change up, no more second in line
Nine-eight, these streets is mine

[Verse 3: Jay-Z & Memphis Bleek ]
Right, yo we wild out in Vegas, styled on haters
Mouthed off at the cops, outta cranberry drops
Copped whips the same color, we tighter than brothers
With different fathers but same mothers, this life don't love us
So 'til death do us, I'm never breaking my bond
Nigga, we Lex movers, V-12 pushers
As I stand
One leg of my pants up, in a stance like, "And what?"
I know these niggas are feeding my mind cancer
But in time's the answer (woo!)
Seems mind-blowing, this weed and Hennessy
Got my mind going, trust me nigga, I'm knowing
Chicks used to ignore me
And my aunt saying I need 50,
not 60/40
Oh God, don't let him control y'all
Your gun is my gun, your clip is my clip, baby
Your fun is my fun
(uh huh),
your bitch is my bitch
Any nigga trying to harm Jay, I'm feeling for you
I ain't only touching you, I'm killing your crew
Give it a year, you'll be sitting on a million or two
Records sold, nigga, perfect your role, geah

[Chorus: Memphis Bleek, ( Jay-Z ) & Both ]
I done came up ( uhh ), put my life on the line
Soaked the game up ( yeah ), now it's my time to shine
Time to change up ( what? ), no more second in line
Nine-eight, these streets is mine ( geah, geah )
I done came up ( came up ), put your life on the line (uhh)
Soaked the game up ( game up ), now it's yo' time to shine
Time to change up ( change up ), no more second in line
Nine-eight, these streets is mine

[Outro: Jay-Z]
Yeah, you done came up, put your life on the line
Soaked the game up, now it's yo' time to shine
Time to change up, no more second in line
Yeah, yeah
Coming of Age two, brand new
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
Gimme that beat, fool, it’s a full-time jack move
Don’t worry,
'Schino
, I'll give it back soon
Just having a little fun
Wassup, my nigga?
S. Dot, the Collection
Black Album
coming soon
Just gon' vent a little bit
Have a little fun with it
Yes, yes

[Verse]
Ain't nobody dumpin' on Hov, you ain’t in sanitation
Or sanitarium, what are you, crazy? Jay-Z'll bury 'em
I'll get you drug out the club, they'll have to carry 'em
Go ahead, bug out, I'll Raid, nigga, scurry
Worry, I'm, not, the Mike Jordan of the mic recording
It's Hovi, baby, you Kobe, maybe; Tracy McGrady
Matter-fact, you a Harold Miner
J.R. Rider, washed up on marijuana
Even worse, you a Pervis Ellis
You worthless, fella; you ain't no athlete, you Shawn Bradley
I ain’t talkin' to nobody in particular
My flow's just vehicular homicide when I’m kickin' up
DUST!
Anybody in my path is a car crash waiting to happen
Nigga, WHAT!
I got my foot on the throat on the pulse of this rap game
And I ain’t letting up, YUP!
Who’s the nicest? Life or lifeless on these mic devices
And I don't write this,
I just mic this, I will it to happen
One-take Hov, I’m real at this rapping
My new name is Just the Facts
While the rest of y'all just adjust the facts
Put words together, just to match
I say what I feel, y’all adjust to that
I do the opposite of y’all so I just attract
The realer audience usually unjustly Black
Know my flow and the shit they go through just match
Like the sound of my voice and a choice Just track
I just tackle the subject, the flak from the public is nothing
I know real niggas happen to love it
If you don’t like it, then look in the mirror
Most likely you ain’t live it so you don’t get it
You ain’t did it, so you can't vision, the picture I’m painting
Ain't vivid, the language I’m spitting is so foreign to ya
See what starving'll do to ya
Growin' up hard in a little apartment'll do to ya

[Outro]
Hah, I’m just talkin’ to ya
I'm just talkin' through ya
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Kanye West, Devo Springsteen and Jon Brion]

[Intro: Shirley Bassey]
Diamonds are forever
They won't leave in the night
I've no fear that they might
Desert me

[Chorus: Shirley Bassey & Kanye West ]
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Close your eyes and imagine,
feel the magic
Vegas on acid,
seen through
Yves St. Laurent glasses
And I've realized that I've arrived
'Cause it take more than a magazine to kill my Vibe
"Does he write his own rhymes?" Well, sort of, I think 'em
That mean I forgot better shit than you ever thought of
"Damn, is he really that caught up?"
I ask, if you talkin' about classics, do my name get brought up?
I remember I couldn't afford a Ford Escort
Or even a four-track recorder
So it's only right that I let the top drop on a drop-top Porsche
Spoil yourself, that's important
If your stripper name "Porsche" and you get tips from many men
Then your fat friend, her nickname is "Minivan"
Excuse me, that's just the Henny, man
I smoke, I drink, I'm supposed to stop, I can't, because—

[Chorus: Shirley Bassey & Kanye West ]
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I was sick about awards, couldn't nobody cure me
Only playa that got robbed but kept all his jewelry
Alicia Keys tried to talk some sense in him
Thirty minutes later seein' there's no convincin' him
What more could you ask for? The international asshole
Who complain about what he is owed?
And throw a tantrum like he is three years old
You gotta love it though: somebody still speaks from his soul
And wouldn't change by the change or the game or the fame
When he came in the game, he made his own lane
Now all I need is y'all to pronounce my name
It's Kanye, but some of my plaques, they still say "Kayne"
Got family in the D, kinfolk from Motown
Back in the Chi, them Folks ain't from Moe Town
Life movin' too fast, I need to slow down
Girl ain't give me no ass, you need to go down
My father been said I need Jesus
So he took me to church and let the water wash over my caesar
The preacher said we need leaders
Right then, my body got still like a paraplegic
You know who you call; you got a message, then leave it
The Roc stand tall and you would never believe it
Take your diamonds and throw 'em up like you bulimic
Yeah, the beat cold, but the flow is anemic
After debris settles and the dust get swept off
Big K pick up where young Hov left off
Right when magazines wrote Kanye West off
I dropped my new shit, it sound like the best of
A&R's lookin' like, "Pssh, we messed up."
Grammy night, damn right, we got dressed up
Bottle after bottle 'til we got messed up
In the studio with Really Doe, yeah, he next up
People askin' me if I'm gon' give my chain back
That'll be the same day I give the game back
You know the next question, dog: "Yo, where Dame at?"
This track the Indian dance to bring our reign back
"What's up with you and Jay, man? Are y'all okay, man?"
They pray for the death of our dynasty like "Amen"
But r-r-r-right here stands a man
With the power to make a diamond with his bare hands

[Chorus: Shirley Bassey & Kanye West ]
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?

[Outro: Shirley Bassey]
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Heavy D & Jay-Z ]
Yeah, it's magic
Huh? Jay-Z and Lenny Kravitz
And it's a Heavy D production, you bastards
Come on
Hah, hey yo, stop playing man
This is real serious, huh? ( It's the Roc )
Yeah ( Yo ) yo, let's go

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Post Positano, Hov' hanging with Bono
U2 can live like Salvatore Ferragamo
And you too can cool out poolside at the Delano
If you too flow like you was out of your mind yo
'Cause who knew dude that loved apple pies from McDonald's
Would soon be the boss of the Big Apple? Ya know
And who knew dude that played ball for the NBA
Would make a mistake on the who knew estates? Throw it away
Who knew that would be his last shot, who drew up that play?
They giveth and they taketh, life is cruel that way
But even a broken clock is right at least two times a day
You could have turned guns into roses like two times today
Now here's something you gotta say two times to Jay
I got my shades on, waiting for the sun to shine my way
Got my boom box, suntan lotion, waiting for action
They say when you play with skills, good luck could happen
Let's go

[Bridge: Lenny Kravitz & Jay-Z ]
C'mon ( It's the Roc )
C'mon ( It's the Roc )
C'mon ( It's the Roc )
C'mon ( Let's rock )
C'mon!

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Things got too hot so I jumped off in this rap shit
You got it criss-crossed, ain't no turning me backwards
Too many District Attorneys concerned with the actions
Of one individual, he's criminally attached
I turned in all my rap chips,
I'm earning my bachelors
By dating all the models and actresses
I'm learning all the potholes in every single barrio
Trying not to mess up my axis kid
On the road to the riches through trafficking
Through rapping and whatever's happening
Rocawear, I'm the young black Ralph Lauren
Every time I get out, they pull me right back in
The Michael Corleone of the microphone
The Michelangelo of flow, I paint pictures with poems
I gather no moss like a rolling stone
Case the Grim Reaper visits my home, nigga I'm gone, c'mon

[Bridge: Lenny Kravitz & Jay-Z ]
C'mon ( It's the Roc )
C'mon ( It's the Roc )
C'mon ( It's the Roc )
C'mon ( Let's rock )
C'mon!

[Chorus: Lenny Kravitz]
Life is all about guns and roses
Bittersweet like friends and foes is
Some get left behind, some get chosen
Just like life, guns and roses
Life is all about guns and roses
Bittersweet like friends and foes is
Some get left behind, some get chosen
Just like life, guns and roses

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Tote more guns than roses, foes is
Visibly shook of the invisible bully (Let's go)
Flowers need water to grow, it gotta rain
In order to experience joy, you need pain
Every time a baby is born, somebody's slain
You know the saying, somebody's loss is another's gain
The sun comes out when the water goes down the drain
A rainbow then the clouds come out, we do it again
Everything evens up, you just wait
Even a garbage can gets a steak
You ain't even a garbage can, you have faith
But when it turns your way, before it turns away
Gotta turn that into something, you gotta learn from Jay
You'll get return on your investment if attention you pay
Let's go

[Bridge: Lenny Kravitz & Jay-Z ]
C'mon ( It's the Roc )
C'mon ( It's the Roc )
C'mon ( It's the Roc )
C'mon ( Let's rock )
C'mon!

[Chorus: Lenny Kravitz]
Life is all about guns and roses
Bittersweet like friends and foes is
Some get left behind, some get chosen
Just like life, guns and roses
Life is all about guns and roses
Bittersweet like friends and foes is
Some get left behind, some get chosen
Just like life, guns and roses (Yeah!)
Life is all about guns and roses
Bittersweet like friends and foes is
Some get left behind, some get chosen
Just like life, guns and roses (I say yeah!)

[Outro: Lenny Kravitz]
Life is all about guns and roses
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Kanye West with Kelly Price & Young Thug ]
High as light
Tell my baby I'm back in town
High, high, my light
Tell everybody I'm back in town
High, highlight
Tell my baby I'm back in town, town
Highlight

[Chorus: Kanye West & Young Thug ]
We only makin' the highlights
Tell lil' mama, tell lil' mama
That I only want my whole life to only be highlights
We only makin' the highlights
Tell lil' mama, tell lil' mama
That I only want my whole life to only be highlights

[Verse 1: Kanye West & Young Thug ]
Can we play that back one time? ( Highlight )
And after that night, I'm gon' wanna play this shit back, oh no ( Highlight )
Sometimes, I'm wishin' that my dick had GoPro ( Highlight, highlight )
So I could play that shit back in slow mo ( Slow motion )
I just shot an amateur video; I think I should go pro, go

[Chorus: Kanye West, Young Thug & El Debarge ]
We only makin' the highlights ( Slow motion, slow motion, slow motion )
Dying in the sunlight
We only makin' the highlights
Tell lil' mama, tell lil' mama
That I only want my whole life to only be highlights
Yeah, just in

[Bridge: El Debarge & Kanye West ]
One life, one night
Uh
Highlights
Sound like me
Livin' the life 'til I die

[Verse 2: Kanye West & El Debarge ]
I bet me and Ray J would be friends
If we ain't love the same bitch
Yeah, he might have hit it first
Only problem is I'm rich (I'm rich, I'm rich, I'm rich)
, uh
(Highlights)
21 Grammys, superstar family
We the new Jacksons, I'm all about that action
(We only making the highlights)
I'm about that Farrakhan, life is a marathon
I'ma shift the paradigm, I'ma turn up every time
I'ma bust a coach's head open on some Diddy shit
If he ever talk to my son like an idiot
(I know my life gon' be highlights)
One time for a nigga really gettin' it
Two times 'cause we got the whole city lit
Advice to all my niggas: impregnate Bridget (Oh, no, gotta play that shit back!)
So if she have a baby, she gon' make another nigga
Got the Fruit of Islam in the trenches, hah?
Even though they know Yeezus is a Christian, hah?
She spent her whole check on some Christians
And that girl ain't even religious
Walkin', livin', breathin' god, you know my past well
Hard to believe in God, your nigga got killed
Blac Chyna fuckin' Rob helped him with the weight
I wish my trainer would, tell me what I overate
So when I'm on vacay, I need to kick back, heh?
What you want? You want a boss or an R&B nigga with a six pack, heh, huh?
Uh, I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I need to know right now if you a freak or not
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I need to know right now if you a freak or not

[Outro: The-Dream]
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I wanna know right now if you a freak or not
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I wanna know right now if you a freak or not
Oh, Lord (Ohh, nah-nah-nah-nah)
Oh, Lord (Ohh, nah-nah-nah-nah, nah)
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I wanna know if you a freak or not
Bad bitch up in Equinox
I wanna know if you a freak or not
Oh, Lord, oh, my Lord (Oh-nah-nah-nah-nah)
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Bitch Face Lyrics

[Intro]
Back door, lil' Joe
Life is how the dice roll, pay my debt ten fold
Stomp yo' ass out in some Kenneth Cole
Stomp yo' ass out, then call J. Cole

[Verse 1]
Man, this is way cold, man, this that 8 flow, man
On my 8th level up, need like 8 more, man
I don't hate no man, I don't chase no man
2.5, macarena, 4.5, slow dance
And my pockets Roseanne, and my music chokeslams
And my trophies hold hands, don't confuse it with some tan (Bitch!)
Raw and uncut, cut, cut, cut, cut (Bitch!)
Y'all looking sus, sus, sus, sus, sus
Lil' Man-Man, the big mans, the GT Dyno flippin' the kickstand, stupid
I remember it was Grand Am’s
Two Jay Rocks on me, and they went blam, blam

[Chorus]
Rich nigga, broke phone
Tryna keep the balance, I'm stayin' strong
Stop playin' with me 'fore I turn you to a song
Stop playin' with me 'fore I turn you to a song
Bitch, I'm attractive
Handsome ass, ugly nigga, attractive
Bitch, I'm attractive
Handsome ass, ugly nigga, attractive

[Verse 2]
Fuck who's hot (Hoe!)
It's all about who's centered and who's not (Bitch!)
I'm taking up my time meditating, uh, huh
Vipassana, working on my patience, uh, huh
I pull up in the hood from time to time
Not to stunt on niggas (Alright!)
But to warn my niggas (Alright!)
Tell me what happened to integrity
Oh I forgot, y'all traded for celebrity
Say it with me, yeah, I do the most
But you can't say it with me
Yeah I said I'm the GOAT, but you can't say it with me
Love me every coast but you can't say it with me
Live good like a king, but you can't say it with me
Holdin' big protein but you can't say it with me
I been in the
back
, but you can't say it with me
Don't know how to act but you can't say it with me (facts)

[Chorus]
Rich nigga, broke phone
Tryna keep the balance, I'm stayin' strong
Stop playin' with me 'fore I turn you to a song
Stop playin' with me 'fore I turn you to a song
Bitch, I'm attractive
Handsome ass, ugly nigga, attractive
Bitch, I'm attractive
Handsome ass, ugly nigga, attractive

[Verse 3]
Let's talk about the things that I hate
I hate the trendiness, I hate the gossip, can't relate
I hate opinions when the subject got no real estate
I hate the men and women into, saving face
I hate to wait, I hate to play it safe
I'm an engineer, I hate, you had no taste
You hate, I persevere
I hear your truth, I hate your lie
What I hate the most? Oh, when somebody die
When somebody die (die), you gon' say you in your feelings
When somebody die (die), you gon' say that was your nigga
When somebody die (die), you gon' ask for forgiveness
When somebody die (die), you gon' use it for attention
When somebody die (die), everybody fake woke
When somebody die, coping mechanisms is a joke
When somebody die, how many want to be a part of it?
Fuck the condolences, it's all about the art of it

[Chorus]
Rich nigga, broke phone
Tryna keep the balance, I'm stayin' strong
Stop playin' with me 'fore I turn you to a song
Stop playin' with me 'fore I turn you to a song
Bitch, I'm attractive
Handsome ass, ugly nigga, attractive
Bitch, I'm attractive
Handsome ass, ugly nigga, attractive
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
BET BackRoom Freestyle Lyrics
BET Backroom Freestyle which introduces many themes that he will eventually expand upon in good kid maad city

[Verse 1]
When I jumped off the porch I was forced into last resorts of a temper gone short
And, of course, when that took it's course, hoarse when yelling out
Demons that fought inside of me taught society how to rejoice
Killers on side of me, privacy obviously was lost
For a piracy of the streets and my Odyssey
Caught a bullet that probably destroyed...
A good kid in a mad city
,
slightly annoyed
I walk down the street with no heat
and run into beef when I’m just a vegan
Reeking the scent of a saint, sinners smell it then start squeezing
Pellets tumbling straight at my melon, apparent reason...
Because my cousin's cuzzin a Blood
That was Blooding in public and Kendrick seen with him last weekend, cousin
But you ain't no kin to me, probably Kendrick I'm Kennedy
Assassinate my character, shoot as your remedy
Fair enough I got enemies but I don’t bang
But that's the repercussion like when your cousin’s cuzzin a blood
And you’re by yourself at the Compton parade
Good Kid
M.A.A.D City
Life or death
Is you with me?
Wassup
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
Back at'cha
How we do
Preemo, Jiggaman
History in the making
Let's go
Ugh, uh-huh-uh-ugh
Uh-huh-uh-ugh, ugh
I spit the murder-murder-murderous
Muh-muh-muh-murderous shit
Uh-huh-uh-huh-uh-huh-uh-ugh
I keep it gangsta-gangsta-gangsta
Gah-gah-ga-gangsta, bitch! Feel me? Ugh
I spit that Brooklyn-Brooklyn-Brook
Uh-ugh, uh-huh-uh-ugh, uh-ugh, uh-huh-ugh
Yo

[Verse 1]
Career crook; nobody rep Brooklyn like me
Jiggaman, Volume 3: I'm back lookin' like me
Stop the presses
; baby girls, drop your dresses
BK, lick a shot for Big Pop' in Heaven
Ever since I came through, niggas got the impression
Everything I drop, out of the question
Stop the guessing—it's hot
Flows proving; I pack 'cause my dough's moving
My whole crew up in this muh'fucker
We spray corners; stand there like you got a cape on you
Fine—you'll be wearing a black suit a long time
I put your crew in hard-bottom
The priest is like, "God's got him
He never did nothing to nobody, but them boys shot him"
Brandish iron, outlandish buying
Bentley Coupes—not bragging, just simply the truth
We all from the ghetto; only difference, we go back
Back up in D&D on this Preemo track
—listen

[Chorus]
I'm so gangsta, prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me
"Iceberg Slim, baby, ride rims"
I'm so gutter, ghetto girls fall in love with me
"You know him well"
"By the name of Jigga"
I'm so gangsta, prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me
"You can love me or hate me"
"Jay-Z"
I'm so gutter, ghetto girls fall in love with me
"Roc-A-Fella"
"Lock the whole block down"
(Ugh)

[Verse 2]
Wednesdays, I'm up in Shine; Cheetah's, Monday night
I'm fucking with the model chicks Friday night at Life
So I'm cruisin' in the car with this bougie broad
She said, "Jiggaman, you rich, take the do-rag off"
Hit a U-turn: "Ma, I'm dropping you back off"
Front of the club: "Jigga, why you do that for?"
Thug nigga 'til the end—tell a friend, bitch
Won't change for no paper, plus I been rich
Eighty-eight, been hustling;
linen, been crushing 'em
Women, been fucking 'em—huh?
You see, I live for the love of the street
Rap to the ruggedest beats, hall closet cluttered with heat
I spit that murder-murder-murder, that Brook-Brook-a-Brooklyn shit
Furthermore, ma—
We tote guns to the Grammys, pop bottles on the White House lawn
Guess I'm just the same old Shawn

[Chorus]
I'm so gangsta, prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me
"Iceberg Slim, baby, ride rims"
I'm so gutter, ghetto girls fall in love with me
"You know him well"
"By the name of Jigga"
I'm so gangsta, prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me
"You can love me or hate me"
"Jay-Z"
I'm so gutter, ghetto girls fall in love with me
"Roc-A-Fella"
"Lock the whole block down"
(Check it out now)

[Verse 3]
I'm from the M-to-the-A-, baby, -R-C-Y
So it's hard for me to let the larceny die
Niggas see me in the streets with no bodyguards
Just two big guns that'll body your squad
'Cause niggas be schemin' on me—probably y'all
Think Jigga's a joke, nigga? Hardy-har
I spit Brook-Brook-Brooklyn every time I bust
Radio's gotta play me, though I cuss too much
Magazines said I'm shallow—I never learned to swim
Still, they put me on they cover 'cause I earn for them
Soon as I sell too much, watch them turn on him
'Cause that seem to be the shit that'll earn for them
I spit that murder-murder-murderous every time
A verbalist iller than Verbal Kint is, or O-Dog in
Menace
I'm ill, start-to-finish, I rip apart contenders—I'm hot!
Hahahaha

[Chorus]
I'm so gangsta, prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me
"Iceberg Slim, baby, ride rims"
I'm so gutter, ghetto girls fall in love with me
"You know him well"
"By the name of Jigga"
I'm so gangsta, prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me
"You can love me or hate me"
"Jay-Z"
I'm so gutter, ghetto girls fall in love with me
"Roc-A-Fella"
"Lock the whole block down"
(Ugh, ugh)

[Outro]
I'm so gangsta, prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me
Ugh
I'm so gutter, ghetto girls... Hahaha
(Ugh, ugh, uh-huh-uh-ugh) Yeah
Ugh, yeah, bump, yeah
With me, yeah, biatch, yeah
Jigga, yeah, Preemo, yeah
Gangsta, yeah, niggas, yeah
Brooklyn, yeah
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by DJ Toomp, Kanye West, and Mike Dean]

[Chorus: Kanye West, T-Pain & Both ]
Like we always do at this time
I go for mine, I got to shine
( Now throw yo' hands up in the sky )
I g-go for mine, I got to shine
( Now throw yo' hands up in the sky )
I'ma get on this TV, mama, I'ma
I'ma put shit down
Ayy,
ayy
, ayy,
ayy
Ayy,
ayy
, ayy,
I'm good

[Verse 1: Kanye West & T-Pain ]
Welcome to the good life, where niggas that sell D
Won't even get pulled over in they new V
The good life, let's go on a livin' spree
Shit, they say the best things in life are free
The good life, it feel like Atlanta
It feel like L.A., it feel like Miami
It feel like NY, summertime Chi', ah
( Now throw yo' hands up in the sky )
So I roll through good
Y'all pop the trunk, I pop the hood, Ferrari
And she got the goods
And she got that ass, I got to look, sorry
Yo, it's got to be 'cause I'm seasoned
Haters give me them salty looks, Lawry's
50 told me
,
"Go 'head, switch the style up
And if they hate then let 'em hate and watch the money pile up"
The good life

[Chorus: Kanye West & T-Pain ]
Now I, I go for mine, I got to shine
( Now throw yo' hands up in the sky )
Now I, I go for mine, I got to shine
( Now throw yo' hands up in the sky ) Ayy
I'ma get on this TV, mama, I'ma
I'ma put shit down
Ayy,
ayy
, ayy,
ayy
Ayy,
ayy
, ayy,
I'm good

[Verse 2: Kanye West & T-Pain ]
Welcome to the good life
Where we like the girls who ain't on TV
'Cause they got mo'
ass than the models
The good life, so keep it comin' with the bottles
'Cause she feel booze like she bombed at Apollo
The good life, it feel like Houston
It feel like Philly, it feel like D.C.​
It feel like VA or the Bay or Yay
Ayy, this is the good life
( Welcome to the good life )
Homie, tell me what's good
Why I only got a problem when you in the hood
( Welcome to the good life )
Like I'm new in the hood
The only thing I wish,
I wish a nigga would
( Welcome to the good life )
He probably think he could
But, but, I don't think he should
( Oh , welcome to the good li-li-li-life, oh )
50 told me, "Go 'head, switch the style up
And if they hate then let 'em hate and watch the money pile up"
The good life

[Chorus: Kanye West & T-Pain ]
Now I, I go for mine (Yeah), I got to shine
( Now throw yo' hands up in the sky )
Now I, I go for mine, I got to shine
( Now throw yo' hands up in the sky ) Ayy
I'ma get on the TV, mama, I'ma
I'ma put shit down
Ayy,
ayy
, ayy,
ayy
Ayy,
ayy
, ayy,
I'm good

[Verse 3: Kanye West & T-Pain ]
Yeah, yeah
Have you ever popped champagne on a plane, while gettin' some brain?
Whipped it out, she said, "I never seen
Snakes on a Plane
"
Whether you broke or rich, you gotta get this
Havin' money's not everythin', not havin' it is
I was splurgin' on trips
But when I get my card back activated, I'm back to Vegas
( Welcome to the good life )
'Cause I always had a passion for flashin'
Before I had it, I closed my eyes and imagined the good life

[Outro: T-Pain]
Ayy, it's the good life, better than the life I lived
When I thought that I was gonna go crazy
And now my grandmama
Ain't the only girl callin' me baby
If you feelin' me now, then put yo' hands up in the sky
And let me hear you say, "Hey, hey" (Hey, hey, hey)
(Ooh) I'm good!
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Kurupted Lyrics

[Verse 1]
These streets is jurassic, cowards get asthmatic
Astronauts hover throughout the atmosphere, that the ghetto burb
Pull up on the curb (what's up homie!), smoke a nigga then dip
It's the immaculate, verbal assassin
,
strangle your perfect etiquette to an accent
This is Jesus of Nazareth
Spittin' gold policies to a world unknown
In a cherry Low-Low
with four zones of weed, no sticks no seeds
Prestigious when I
post safe through
fifty states, beneath the speed
Can corral the largest crowds, mosh pit with a big dick
Screaming bitches ain't shit, she gobble gobble for hours I jumped in the shower
I dismantle, devour, hardest Emcees softer than Clam chowder
No challengers can compete, they're childish and weak, detrimental
Hazardous hazard to instrumentals, intertwined with God and Frankenstein
I'm kurupted!
I'm kurupted!

[Verse 2]
Gimme a hundred G's for every Emcee I drop to their knees
Verbically useless, oh you got the Juice? I'll squeeze you juiceless
Catch you, hang you from many nooses
Been the truth since, Snoop and the pound was fuckin' over ruthless
Young and I'm ruthless, twenty-one with twenty-one guns, shottys thats looted from Pac, lyrical cyclops
Lazer-in 'em on paper and fraudulent friends, bitch you's a bitch in disguise and bitches get ten
Bullets to their midsection, Mr. Lethal injection
in a regal higher than church steeples, I swear to god
Count your lyrics in a jar, I'mma pterodactyl tearin' ya squad, like pardon me in Terrance Martin in Aston Martin
Cannibal co-existing with the coldest, that means I'm the sickest, and Theraflu won't do
Whenever I'm kicking the wickedness, explosive, syntagmatic, smokin' like the barrel of this tech aimin' at ya' neck
I'm kurupted!
I'm kurupted!

[Verse 3]
(Look homie) I'm from C-O-MP-TO-aNy nigga can get it, the little homie strapped and he with it
At the Avalanche swap-meet (what's up fool!)
Blunt longer than Rosecrans,
I'll grab the devil then slow dance
Practice trigonometry, practice my aim on rooftops
eating pastrami sandwiches, you are counterfeit
Worthless beats and verses surfaced. West Coast with a big scope kill all Y'all
It's Top Dawg, TDE,
CPT
Quick to tell a bitch jump on my dick A.S.A.P
Complete havoc, compulsive disorder, rhyme addict -- Slaughter
House is full of Joey, Joells and Royces for ya'
Live from the area code of Three-One-Oh
Laughin' all the way to the bank with three Elmos
Three six-fo's, One bottle of Goose, I'm the truth, you could put your hand on the bible and shoot
I'm Kurupted!

[Outro]
See a lot of y'all get real disrespectful, real comfortable, not recognizin' ya' legends
West Coast legends,
Young Gotti
I black out like Howard University when I verbally turn into Hercules
hurtin' these Emcees early
and urgently urkin' my nerves searching for certain certified nouns and verbs on the verge of vigorous victory. Kurupted
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Hola’ Hovito Lyrics

[Intro]
J (Uh), A (Uh-uh), Y (Uh-uh-uh)
This that hop I'm talkin' 'bout right here, Timbo
I can't be stopped when it hop like this, family, uh
( Uno, dos, tres, cuatro )

[Verse 1]
They say, "Hola, Hovito"
That's what they sayin' when I roll up with my people
My music bangin' like vatos locos
, got rap in a chokehold
And I won't surrender it with beats by Timbaland
Cállate la boca, my baby
All I want to do is stroke you all crazy
My dick game is vicious, insane at bitches
Mami keep comin' back 'cause mami came vicious
Catch Hov in the drop, nasty thang, lane switchin'
Once you turn your neck for a sec, your dame's missin'
Bujando, bujando,
the cops is comin'
Got that rap patrol behind, yo, get to runnin'
I'm unstoppable Hov, untoppable flows
I'm the compadre, the Sinatra of my day
Ol' Blue Eyes, my nigga, I did it my way
Y'all not rollin' with Hov, then hit the highway

[Chorus]
Hola, Hovito
(Yeah, yeah)
Hola, Hovito
Yeah that's what they sayin' when that music get to bangin'
Put it down for my people
Hola, Hovito
Hola, Hovito
Yeah, yeah, that's what they sayin' when that music get to bangin'
Put it down for my people

[Verse 2]
Yeah, yeah
Naw, I don't fuck around, stay on my J-O
Hov been about that dough since I was a day old
Oh, push perico if I need to for the root of evil
Was born in the belly
, that's the way the streets breed you
One life to live, notice you get no sequel
So I truly got to live this like my last movie
Six, ooh-wee, jewels drippin', big tooly
I ball for real, y'all niggas is Sam Bowie
And with the third pick, I made the earth sick
MJ, him Jay, fadeaway perfect
I rhyme sicker than every rhyme spitter
Every crime nigga that rhyme or touch a mic, because my mind's quicker
I'm a '88er, nine-six a reasonable doubt
Temper short, don't take much to squeeze you out
Yeah, you shinin', but the only thing you're leavin' out
You're a candle in the sun, that shit don't even out

[Chorus]
Hola, Hovito
(Yeah, yeah)
Hola, Hovito
(Yeah)
Yeah, yeah, that's what they sayin' when that music get to bangin'
Put it down for my people
Hola, Hovito
Hola, Hovito
Yeah, that's what they sayin' when that music get to bangin'
Put it down for my people

[Verse 3]
Hold up, naw, motherfuckers
Y'all motherfuckers better run to the post office and get a job, motherfuckers
Or starve, motherfuckers
'Cause Jay's been the only one eatin' thus far, subpar motherfuckers
Naw, even though y'all hate, I love y'all motherfuckers
Friend or foe, y'all all my motherfuckers
If you haven't heard, I'm Michael, Magic, and Bird
All rolled in one
'Cause none got more flows than Young
Plus got more flows to come
And if I ain't better than Big, I'm the closest one
So move over, hoes, choose Hova
My food for thought so hot, it give you dudes ulcers
Rovers, roasters, hoes is
Gettin' it in with me, livin' like they supposed to
Watches, chain, front row at the game
Sold-out arena, all screamin' my name, c'mon

[Chorus]
Hola, Hovito
(Yeah, yeah)
Hola, Hovito
Yeah, that's what they sayin' when that music get to bangin'
Put it down for my people
Hola, Hovito
Hola, Hovito
Yeah, yeah, that's what they sayin' when that music get to bangin'
Put it down for my people
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Kendrick Lamar]
I remember, being young, dumb
Looking for the next thrill
Angry adolescents
Three things on our minds: Money, murder, or you

[Chorus: 2 Chainz, Drake & Both ]
I love bad bitches, that's my fuckin' problem (Problem)
And, yeah, I like to fuck, I got a fuckin' problem (Problem)
I love bad bitches, that's my fuckin' problem (Problem)
And, yeah, I like to fuck, I got a fuckin' problem (Problem)
I love bad bitches, that's my fuckin' problem
(Problem)
And, yeah, I like to fuck, I got a fuckin' problem
(Problem)
If finding somebody real is your fuckin' problem
(Yeah)
Bring yo' girls to the crib, maybe we could solve it

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Picture perfect, uh huh
And I paint a perfect picture, my intention's to get richer
But I ain't tryna split the profit with ya
Every pocket on me bleeds, I'm a selfish ass nigga
Mmm, deuces up, black coupes is us (Uh, huh)
Or maybe the white on white, Ku and Klux
Head all in the bathroom
Beg for it, I'll be back soon
Fuckin' problem, fuck your problems
I got my own but one ain't a dollar
I got five phones for five different reasons
London, Tasha, Mya, Keisha
Courtney, blue-eyed devils with no Visas
Overseas, high heels, wine and pizza
Overdosed on bad bitches, I swear
One on both arm but need two pair, I beast

[Chorus: 2 Chainz, Drake & Both ]
I love bad bitches, that's my fuckin' problem (Problem)
And, yeah, I like to fuck, I got a fuckin' problem (Problem)
I love bad bitches, that's my fuckin' problem (Problem)
And, yeah, I like to fuck, I got a fuckin' problem (Problem)
I love bad bitches, that's my fuckin' problem
(Problem)
And, yeah, I like to fuck, I got a fuckin' problem
(Problem)
If finding somebody real is your fuckin' problem
Bring yo' girls to the crib, maybe we could solve it

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Yeah ho, this the finale
My pep talk turn into a pep rally
Say she from the hood but she live inside in the valley now
Vaca'd in Atlanta, then she goin' back to Cali, mmm
Got your girl on my line, world on my line
The irony, I fuck 'em at the same damn time
She eyeing me like a nigga don't exist
Girl, I know you want this dick
Girl, I'm Kendrick Lamar
A.K.A. Benz-is-to-Me-Just-a-Car
That mean your friends-es need be up to par
See, my standards are pampered by threesomes tomorrow, mmm
Kill 'em all, dead bodies in the hallway
Don't get involved, listen what the crystal ball say
Halle Berry, hallelujah
Holla back, I'll do ya, beast

[Chorus: 2 Chainz, Drake & Both ]
I love bad bitches, that's my fuckin' problem (Problem)
And, yeah, I like to fuck, I got a fuckin' problem (Problem)
I love bad bitches, that's my fuckin' problem (Problem)
And, yeah, I like to fuck, I got a fuckin' problem (Problem)
I love bad bitches, that's my fuckin' problem
(Problem)
And, yeah, I like to fuck, I got a fuckin' problem
(Problem)
If finding somebody real is your fuckin' problem
Bring yo' girls to the crib, maybe we could solve it, ayy
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Chorus: Don Toliver]
I wanna go to the moon, don't leave so soon (Don't leave so soon)
How could I get through? (How could I get through?)
I wanna go to the moon, don't leave so soon (Don't leave so soon)
How could I get through? (How could I get through?)
I wanna go to the moon, don't leave so soon (Don't leave so soon)
How could I get through? (How could I get through?)

[Verse: Kid Cudi]
Hee-hee, here we go, strap in, we up
Never forget all the memories
Sittin', I sip out my cup
Thinkin' I should be a better me
Truly I'm blessed from the start
So much to say in these melodies, oh
Stare at the sky, the moon singin' sweet
Oh, my God, such a sweet moment
Angels, they say I'm not ever weak, such a lonely boy
Heaven knows I might never sleep, trouble in my soul
Hey, I've been prayin', life can be drainin', oh
Hey, who relate? Tryna keep followin' on
I'm ashamed, hated what I would see and nobody knows, so I go

[Chorus: Don Toliver, Kanye West & Kid Cudi ]
How can I get through?
(Don't leave so soon)
How can I get through? ( To the moon )
How can I get through?
( To the moon )
Early afternoon
, I wanna go to the moon ( Take you to the moon )
Don't leave so soon ( Woah )
Don't leave so soon
How could I get through? ( Yeah )
How can I get through?
( Ooh )
Early afternoon
, I wanna go to the moon ( Ooh , take you to the moon )
Don't leave so soon ( Ooh )
Don't leave so soon
( Don't leave so soon )
How could I get through? (How could I get through?)

[Outro: Kid Cudi & Don Toliver ]
Yeah-yeah
Woah-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh
Woah-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh
How could I get through?
How could I get through?
How could I get through?
How could I get through?
How could I get through?
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Chorus: Pharrell Williams]
You used to all the attention, huh? ( Yeah! )
But you don't want no commitment, huh? ( Uh-uh! )
Why not? You should be comin' home with me
Sittin' in this lap with the luxury
Now you been, comin' in while you wakin' up ( Yeah! )
Actin' like you behave and stuff ( Uh-huh )
Uh-huh, you should be comin' home with me
Sittin' in this lap with the luxury, now check it

[Verse 1: Jay-Z, Pharrell Williams & Both ]
Yes, a lime to a lemon, my VA women
Walk in Manolo Blahniks
'cause my condo with elevators in 'em
She wanna wrinkle my linens
So I sprinkle her with gin and then we begin sinnin', uhh
Blasphemy, oh my God, every sentence
She keeps scratchin' me like she have tiger in her
This is exact-a-ly, why I had to pin her
To the bed like a wrestler, had to pretzel her, uhh
Her man kept pagin', stressin' her
So I told her what to say just in case he question her
Situations will arise, but you gotta be smart about it
No matter what you do ( Don't talk about us )
Don't give up no info ( He'll be lost without it )
Just keep your mouth shut, we could do this again, bring a friend!

[Chorus: Pharrell Williams & Tanisha Carnes ]
You used to all the attention, huh? ( Yeah! )
But you don't want no commitment, huh? ( Uh-uh! )
Why not? You should be comin' home with me
Sittin' in this lap with the luxury
Now you been, comin' in while you wakin' up ( Yeah! )
Actin' like you behave and stuff ( Uh-huh )
Uh-huh, you should be comin' home with me
Sittin' in this lap with the luxury, now check it

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Guess who's back in my motherfuckin' house
Half black, half white chick; I call her Minnie Mouse (Woo!)
We always hook up when we out
We do what we like to do and then we out
But lately I've been havin' the strangest feelings
Your boy Young Hov' catchin' feelings
And it's messin' up my dealings 'cause mami's not willin'
To leave her boyfriend, she call me her toy-friend
Said, we was just 'sposed to hook up and have a blast
She called me her emergency dick-in-a-glass, haha (Hehehe)
I had to laugh for a second
Had to check myself, get my mackin' back in perspective
I slack for a second but I'm back, no question
Like I walk with a cane, ain't no half steppin'
Geah, and on that note
Iceberg Slim is back to rock a boat, c'mon

[Chorus: Pharrell Williams & Tanisha Carnes ]
You used to all the attention, huh? ( Yeah! )
But you don't want no commitment, huh? ( Uh-uh! )
Why not? You should be comin' home with me
Sittin' in this lap with the luxury
Now you been, comin' in while you wakin' up ( Yeah! )
Actin' like you behave and stuff ( Uh-huh )
Uh-huh, you should be comin' home with me
Sittin' in this lap with the luxury, now check it

[Bridge: Pharrell Williams & Jay-Z ]
Let's fuck all night! Yeah
Until we both start yawnin'
(Yeah)
To the bright Shirley Murdock morning
(Yeah)
Until we both start yawnin'
Let's just fuck all night! Yeah
Let's have breakfast baby
(Yeah)
Have lunch, have dinner, back to breakfast baby
(Yeah)
Let's have breakfast baby

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Have lunch, have dinner, back to breakfast maybe
That is, if that kid don't get too suspicious
Start blowin' up your digits
Showin' up livid, claimin' he wanna fight
But Shawn all business with his type (Uh-uh)
Nah, Shawn just tryna keep the friendship tight
Shawn to Sean Paul 'em if you gimme the light
And this way, you can stay for life, aight?

[Chorus: Pharrell Williams & Tanisha Carnes ]
You used to all the attention, huh? ( Yeah! )
But you don't want no commitment, huh? ( Uh-uh! )
Why not? You should be comin' home with me
Sittin' in this lap with the luxury
Now you been, comin' in while you wakin' up ( Yeah! )
Actin' like you behave and stuff ( Uh-huh )
Uh-huh, you should be comin' home with me
Sittin' in this lap with the luxury, now check it

[Bridge: Pharrell Williams & Jay-Z ]
Let's fuck all night! Yeah
Until we both start yawnin'
(Yeah)
To the bright Shirley Murdock morning
(Yeah)
Until we both start yawnin'
Let's just fuck all night! Yeah
Let's have breakfast baby
(Yeah)
Have lunch, have dinner, back to breakfast baby
(Yeah)
Let's have breakfast baby

[Chorus: Pharrell Williams & Tanisha Carnes ]
You used to all the attention, huh? ( Yeah! )
But you don't want no commitment, huh? ( Uh-uh! )
Why not? You should be comin' home with me
Sittin' in this lap with the luxury
Now you been, comin' in while you wakin' up ( Yeah! )
Actin' like you behave and stuff ( Uh-huh )
Uh-huh, you should be comin' home with me
Sittin' in this lap with the luxury, now check it
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Jay-Z]
Uh-huh, uh-huh
G-Geah, g-geah
Roc-A-Fella y'all
Uh-huh uh-huh, Jigga
Timbaland shit, nine-eight, biatch!
Say what, say what?
Uh-huh, uh-huh, follow me, biatch!

[Refrain: Amil (Jay-Z)]
Nigga, what?
Nigga, who? (Y'all niggas can't fuck with me)
Nigga, what (Get ready, yo)
Nigga, who?
Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit, though
Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit though
(Uh-huh uh-huh, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Motherfuckers wanna act loco
Hit 'em with numerous shots with the fo'-fo'
Faggots wanna talk to po-po's, smoke 'em like coco
Fuck rap, coke by the boatload
Fuck that, on the run-by, gun high, one eye closed
Left holes through some guy clothes
Stop your bullshit, Glock with the full clip
Motherfuckers better duck when the fool spit
One shot could make a nigga do a full flip
See the nigga layin' shocked when the fool hit
Oh, hey ma, how you? Know niggas wanna buy you
But see, me? I wanna fuck for free like Akinyele
Take this ride, make you feel it inside your belly
If it's tight, get the K-Y Jelly
All night, get you wide up inside the telly
Side to side 'til you say, "Jay-Z, you're too much for me."

[Chorus: Jay-Z & ( Amil )]
( Nigga, what? ) Make you think you can fuck with me
( Nigga, who? ) Recognize girl, Jay to the Z
( Nigga, what? ) Make you think you can fuck with me
( Nigga, who? ) Recognize girl, Jay to the Z
( Nigga, what? ) Make you think you can fuck with me
( Nigga, who? ) Recognize girl, Jay to the Z
( Nigga, what? ) Make you think you can fuck with me
( Nigga, who? ) Recognize bitch, Jay to the motherfuckin' Z

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Got a condo with nothin' but condoms in it
The same place where the rhymes invented
So all I do is rap and sex—imagine how I stroke
See how I was flowin' on my last cassette?
Rapid-fire like I'm blastin' a TEC, never jam though
Never get hot, never run out of ammo
Niggas hatin' and shit 'cause I slayed your bitch
You know your favorite, I know it made you sick, and now you
Actin' raw, but you never had war
Don't know how to carry your ho, wanna marry your ho
Now she's mad at me 'cause Your Majesty
Just happened to be a pimp—what a tragedy!
She want us to end 'cause I fucked her friend
She gave me one more chance and I fucked her again
I seen her tears as she busted in
I said, "Shit, there's a draft, shut the door, bitch, and come on in!"

[Chorus: Jay-Z & ( Amil )]
( Nigga what? ) Make you think you can fuck with me
( Nigga who? ) Recognize bitch, Jay to the Z
( Nigga what? ) Make you think you can fuck with me
( Nigga who? ) Recognize girl, Jay to the Z
( Nigga what? ) Make you think you can fuck with me
( Nigga who? ) Recognize girl, Jay to the Z
( Nigga what? ) Make you think you can fuck with me
( Nigga who? ) Recognize bitch, Jay to the motherfuckin' Z

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Got a vendetta even though I been better
Left him in the cold with a thin sweater
Rap niggas on Prozac get the bozack
Niggas threw two at me, I threw four back, hold that
Let the dough stack
Way before Biggs had the gold Ac', Dame had the Lex black
Motherfuckers wanna test that, stress that
And right where you're stressed at, where you rest at
I suggest that niggas invest in a vest
When I come through with the Glock, jet-black
You niggas step back
I'm the best at, you know I ain't no apprentice to this
Me and my niggas, we invented the shit
I came into the business with this
The Originator, none greater, Jaz-O, finish this shit!

[Verse 4: Big Jaz ( Jay-Z )]
Better learn, Jaz'll relax that, ever heard of me?
Worldwide Originator, say word to me
The population holla, "Certainly"
I burn a nigga like a third degree
See me shine so bright
Nigga, I'm my light, runnin' rulin' with rigor and vigor
Nobody bigger than me and my nigga Jigga
You fly-by-night, stop chirpin' B
Heavyweight's light work for me
For the time in this motherfucker ain't nobody hurtin' me
What, cut your face in like surgery
Who the fuck got a VS
Fuckin' BM's on the road
When you had to be in bed at the PM
Need the info, Jaz on the C-N-N
Forever touchin', my work is beginnin', you’re endin'
Nigga, your style's no style, my style's hostile, c'mon
Faggot nigga, down to take the gun home
The o-ri-gi-na-tor!
( Can't fuck with it, can ya?! )

[Chorus: Jay-Z & ( Amil )]
( Nigga what? ) Make you think you can fuck with me
( Nigga who? ) Recognize bitch, Jay to the Z
( Nigga what? ) Make you think you can fuck with me
( Nigga who? ) Recognize bitch, Jay to the Z
( Nigga what? ) Make you think you can fuck with me
( Nigga who? ) Recognize bitch, Jay to the Z
( Nigga what? ) Make you think you can fuck with me
( Nigga who? ) Recognize bitch, Jay to the motherfuckin' Z

[Refrain: Amil]
Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit though
Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit though
Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit though
Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit though
Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit though
Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit though
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Chorus: The Weeknd]
See this in 3D, all lights out for me
All lights out for me, lightning strikes the beach
Eighty degrees, warm it up for me
Finally free, found the God in me
And I want you to see I can walk on water
Thousand miles from shore, I can float on the water
Father, hold me close, don't let me drown
I know You won't

[Verse 1: Lil Baby]
Yeah, walkin' on the bridge, I threw my sins over the deep end
Sippin' 'til my stomach hurt, this month I done lost three friends
Early mornin', brainstormin', normally I can't sleep in
Sometimes I just wanna restart it, but it all depends
If I'ma be that same young, hungry **** from West End
Wrote my hardest wrongs and the crazy part, I ain't have no pen
Maybach interior camе with sheepskin
Still remember whеn I just had three bands
Now I'm the one everyone call on 'cause I got deep pants
Bro told me the way to beat the game is on the defense and
Never fazed by names that they might call me, but they gon' respect it
And I feel like you better off tryin' to call, I might not get the message
And she just tried to run off with my heart, but I blocked off the exit, yeah

[Bridge: The Weeknd & KayCyy ]
Oh-oh, I know You won't (I know You won't)
I know You won't (Oh), oh ( Oh, yeah )
I know You won't, I know that You look over us ( I know )
So we silently sleep
Bring down the rain, yeah, oh

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm, I was out for self
Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm,
I was up for sale, but I couldn't tell
God made it rain, the devil made it hail
Dropped out of school, but I'm that one at Yale
Made the best tracks and still went off the rail
Had to go down, down, down, this the new town, town, town
This the new ten, ten, ten, I'm goin' in, in, in
Here I go on a new trip, here I go actin' too lit
Here I go actin' too rich, here I go with a new chick
And I know what the truth is, still playin' after two kids
It's a lot to digest when your life always movin'
Architectural Digest, but I needed home improvement
Sixty-million-dollar home, never went home to it
Genius gone clueless
, it's a whole lot to risk
Alcohol anonymous, who's the busiest loser?
Heated by the rumors, read into it too much
Fiendin' for some true love, ask Kim, "What do you love?"
Hard to find what the truth is, but the truth was that the truth suck
Always seem to do stuff, but this time it was too much
Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm, everybody so judgemental
Everybody so judgemental
Everybody hurts, but I don't judge rentals
Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm,
it was all so simple

[Chorus: The Weeknd]
I see you in 3D, the dawn is bright for me
No more dark for me, I know You're watchin' me
Eighty degrees, burnin' up the leaves
Finally, I'm free, finally, I'm free
As I go out to sea, I can walk on water
Won't you shine Your light? Demons talk on my shoulder
Father, hold me close, don't let me drown
I know You won't
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Lyrics from
"The Button"
and
Chanel S/S 2024 Fashion Show

[Verse: Kendrick Lamar]
I'm up and down, I'm unenthused
Happy, then I'm paralyzed by other moods
Temporary pleasures runnin' out of fuel
To see there's an exit is impossible
Chasin' worry, chasin' program
Distorted the ways of the world again
Good decisions, wishin' I knew more of them
Concepts of you and who I am

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
There's a hold on me, ain't it strange
There's a troubled spirit, hard to explain, yeah, yeah
I feel somethin', I feel somethin'
Sometimes reverence (Huh), sometimes pain (Huh)
Sometimes both of them, it's hard to explain, yeah, yeah
I feel somethin', I feel somethin'

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar & Imani Selina]
There's a hold on me, ain't it strange
There's a troubled spirit, hard to explain, yeah, yeah
I feel somethin', I feel somethin'
Sometimes reverence (Huh), sometimes pain (Huh)
Sometimes both of them, it's hard to explain, yeah, yeah
I feel somethin', I feel somethin'
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
Yes, yes YEP!
Welcome to the.. Jay-Z extravaganza
I'd like to introduce my band right now
Just Blaze and the Blazettes, hehe
Right now I want you to give the drummer some
No ma really, give the drummer some
Uhh

[Chorus]
Touch the untouchable, break the unbreakable
Shake the unshakeable (it's Hovi baby)
Yeah, ch-chi-uh, uh-ch-ch-uh, un-breakable
Rock the unrockable (it's Hovi baby)

[Verse 1]
Follow the flow, look
They say a midget standin' on the giant's shoulder can see much
Further than the giant.. (the giant..)
So I got the whole rap world on my shoulder they tryin' to see
Further than I am... (than I am..)
And I have been tryin' to be patient with they preoccupation
With David and Goliath.. (Goliath..)
But sooner or later, that patience gonna run it's course
And I'm forced to be a tyrant.. (be a tyrant..)
But me and Tyran,
comin' through your environment
Iron mask, nigga, iron gats, nigga I am back
With "The Team," no I in that
R.O.C., y'all not eyein' that
Y'all don't see, clearly 'cause the rain ain't gone
"The Dynasty," no not Ming but Shawn's
Dame, Kareem, nigga it's the gangsta team
Stop your run, one of the reasons that they call us gangrene
The other reason, we got a gang of green
If there's better at gettin' cheddar that remains to be seen, nigga
(WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!) Jeah, jeah

[Chorus]
Can't touch the untouchable, break the unbreakable
Shake the unshakeable (it's Hovi baby)
Can't see the unseeable, reach the unreachable
Do the impossible (it's Hovi baby)
Can't move the unmoveable, stop the unstoppable

[Verse 2]
Jeah, look
I'm so far ahead of my time, I'm 'bout to start another life
Look behind you, I'm 'bout to pass you twice
Back to the future, gotta slow up for the present
I'm fast, niggas can't get pass my past
How they propose to deal with my perfect present?
When I unwrap
The Gift & The Curse
in one session
Ain't no livin' person can test him
Only two restin' in heaven can be mentioned in the same breath as him
Seven straight Summers, critics might not admit it
But nobody in rap did it, quite like I did it
If you did it I done it before, you get it I had it
Got mad at it and don't want it no more
And that goes for everything from flippin' that raw
Flippin' whores, flippin' vocal chords,
don't get it twisted
Get it right, did different, did it better, did it nice
Did the impossible then did it twice (get it right)

[Chorus]
Can't touch the untouchable, break the unbreakable
Shake the unshakeable (it's Hovi baby)
Can't see the unseeable, reach the unreachable
Do the impossible (it's Hovi baby)

[Verse 3]
Yup! Hovi's home, the global phone
The world is back in order, the number one rap recorder is back
You cats over-felt yourself
You couldn't help yourself, now witness the real for real
In my absence cats get, absent-minded
Now it's time to rewind and remind 'em
Why I'm in the position that I am
Changin' the game, my game could nail Madonna
Well after I'm gone, they'll honor
History in the makin', Pistol Pete
Leave competition shakin' without missin' the beat (woo!)
Chasin' the hi-hat all over the track
The snare is scared of the air in here, BOOM!
And plus I get paper dog, don't let me forget
The watch face so blue like it's holdin' it's breath
Can't see me skill for skill or check for check
It's the bow-tie flow dog, I bring it to your neck
Live and direct, I will bring it to your set
I got now, I don't care who got next
Rapper slash Exec., Kordell Stewart
Your flow all y'all using is mine, you're all useless
You ain't a factor, who are you foolin'?
You all are faggots, you takin' us backwards (takin' it backwards)
I'm tryin' to progress with this rap shit
Nigga, nigga your whole career's a accident
Who was gassin' 'em?
(Fuck outta here!)

[Chorus]
Can't touch the untouchable, break the unbreakable
Shake the unshakeable (it's Hovi baby)
Can't see the unseeable, reach the unreachable
Do the impossible (it's Hovi baby)
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Verse]
I miss the old Kanye, straight from the Go Kanye
Chop up the soul Kanye, set on his goals Kanye
I hate the new Kanye, the bad mood Kanye
The always rude Kanye, spaz in the news Kanye
I miss the sweet Kanye, chop up the beats Kanye
I gotta say, at that time I'd like to meet Kanye
See, I invented Kanye, it wasn't any Kanyes
And now I look and look around and there's so many Kanyes
I used to love Kanye, I used to love Kanye
I even had the pink polo, I thought I was Kanye
What if Kanye made a song about Kanye
Called "I Miss the Old Kanye"? Man, that'd be so Kanye
That's all it was, Kanye, we still love Kanye
And I love you like Kanye loves Kanye
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Jeezy]
Yeah, see it's that
It's that
Blueprint 3
shit right here
It's that
TM 103
shit right here
You ready? You ready Hov'?
Let's go! (Hands up!)

[Verse 1: Jeezy]
Allow me to re-introduce myself
At the same time re-introduce my wealth
At the same time rejuvenate the game
It's for my old dawg niggas that's used to 'caine
Now what my B-dog said? I respect the game
GD's
,
Vice Lords
,
the Crips
the same
And I know y'all 'bout to say this off the chain
Tell 'em fake trappin' ass niggas stay out my lane
See I ain't dead or in jail, I can't complain
And when these fake niggas gone, I shall remain
And if you just tunin' in, let me explain
You know I keep that 47, Uday Hussein
These niggas way too far, I played the game
And if you listen hard enough, I say some things
And when that sack got low, I shave them things
And put 'em right back together, I made them things

[Chorus: Jeezy & Jay-Z ]
Now put your sets in the air if you represent your clique
Money in the air if you ever hit a lick, baby
Put your hands in the air if you know that you that bitch
Say you looking for the real? Hey, well this is real as it gets
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh ( Wassup, wassup )
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh ( Wassup, wassup , this is real as it gets)
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh ( Wassup, wassup )
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh ( I got it Jeezy , this is real as it gets)

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Now where that Southside at? Wassup, wassup
Where the West Coast at? Put your W's up
Where my East Coast niggas that hustle to live
And all my niggas up north that's doin' a bid?
Oh yeah I'm rare, I'm aware that I'm rare
I rap and I’m real, I'm one of the few here
These other boys lyin', I wonder if y'all care
They stories out this world, I wonder if y'all hear
But don't really matter as long as they stay clear
Clear of the real shit we doin' over here
When my nigga get home, I'm gon' send him a Lear
For all the time he been down, get him right up in the air
With a couple of broads, get him right up in the air
Mile high club, get him right up in there
Send my nigga some gear like he never missed a year
By the time you hear this song, he'll be standin' right here
Real nigga shit there

[Chorus: Jeezy]
Now put your sets in the air if you represent your clique
Money in the air if you ever hit a lick, baby
Put your hands in the air if you know that you that bitch
Say you lookin' for the real? Hey, well this is real as it gets
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh (This is real as it gets)
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh (This is real as it gets)

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
A hundred million to the good
and I'm still talkin' yayo
At a snail's pace, I won this race that y’all trail
Uh, uh,
Blueprint's for sale
Followin' my footprints you can't fail
Set sail,
I used to duck shots but now I eat quail
I'll probably never see jail
Each tale contains more of the truth
Of the statute allows me to go into detail
Uh,
close your eyes, you can smell
Hov's the audio equivalent of braille
That's why they feel me in the favelas in Brazil
And Waterhouse 'cause
real recognize real
Rrrah!

[Verse 4: Jeezy]
You know me, I don't need no introductions
Call me, make a lil' somethin' out of nothin'
Anywhere you go, we the topic of discussion
Damn, that's gotta be disgusting
Ugh, shit make you wanna throw up
This is big boy music, this should make you wanna grow up
Flows like syrup, it just make me wanna pour up
And is it just me or this makes you wanna roll up
A big fat one
, then unpack one
Then unwrap one, peel back one
They use to call me Jizzle with the stamp in the middle
And you can tell the color when it's damp in the middle
Wassup!

[Chorus: Jeezy]
Now put your sets in the air if you represent your clique
Money in the air if you ever hit a lick, baby
Put your hands in the air if you know that you that bitch
Say you lookin' for the real? Hey, well this is real as it gets
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh (This is real as it gets)
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh (This is real as it gets)

[Outro: Jeezy]
This is real as it gets
Yeah, I'm serious
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
One Shot Kill Lyrics

[Intro]
One shot kill, one shot kill hey
One shot kill, hey, one shot kill
One shot kill go!
(Pump up the volume)
(Pump up the volume)

[Verse 1]
I say, thinkin' of a master plan
Motherfucker, I'm a mastermind
I'm an 18-year-old dollar sign
I'm a one-man tragedy, I'm Columbine
I'm sharp as fuck but no porcupine
Penitentiary blade to cut yo' ass up
Good-lookin' hunk
Lookin' for anybody thats lookin' for me
Shotty look 'em right in the eye
What do I see?
A scared nigga waitin' to die
A scared nigga, I even got you a suit and tie
Something suitable
Sledge hammer break down your nail cuticles
Nigga, I do the unusual
Torture
Anything is necessary in the art of war
Slam his head inside the suicidal doors
Do him like li'l man off Players Club
Roll around till his knees rub
Shit
I'm a ground hog
No, I'm a young hog
Hoggin' up all the money from all a y'all
It's funny how all y'all wanna be my associates
Come around, smile, like that shit is appropriate
I'ma put it to your skullcap and open it
Leave it on the side with that ho you was rollin' with
I'm rollin' with the nine millimeter close to my nuts and dick
You know who you fuckin' with?
I'm done with regular bowel movements
I'm on some other shit
I'm a fuckin beast, you a fuckin' bitch
I'ma fuck your bitch
Then send her back to you
Let her suck some dick, then let her kiss on you
Now, ain't that a bitch?
That ain't right, but that’s my life
If you don’t like then we gon’ fight
Psyche—you gon’ be fightin' a bullet
(Pump up the volume)
(Pump up the volume)

[Verse 2]
Where the pump at?
Thinkin' of a master plan
Mothafucker, I'm a mastermind
I'm a 18-year-old dollar sign
I'm a one-man tragedy, I'm Columbine
Shit, you already know what I'm about
Keep the guns by the couch in the living room
Company act up, we give it to them
Send it to them like emails
Let them sell his soul
Put his body on retail
If we do dirt and you tell
We gon’ put you under dirt
He was a good person
He was down to earth but now he down to earth
Chillin' with the worms and the insects, his brother gon’ be next
His mother gon’ be after him, kill the family tree
If they fuckin' with him and that "him" is me
And that limb is lost on your body
Aiming at your feet, probably

[Outro]
Training day
Sniper music
Sniper music
One shot kill
I told you before
One shot kill
I told you before
One shot kill
I told you before
One shot kill
One shot kill
One shot kill
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Jay-Z]
What, tssh, y'all, want
Jigga, uhh uhh uhh, uh-huh
Pa-pa, uhh, pa-pa, uhh
The G, Roc-A-Fella y'all

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Who be, in a Japanese restaurant, eating sushi
Drinking sake, it's me, and my mami with the doobie
Cutie, smelling like Miyake, half-Philippine thing
For now, let's call her Suki, got me, this booty banging
Properly,
in Versace pants,
cocky bow-legged stance
A thing of beauty, watch me, body crazy
Tits firm like Nature, Foxy, Nas and AZ
Truly reason to bug the toolie and keep laced in jewelry, watch me
Girlie tried to lure me and lock me you gotta get up early
'Cause who's getting played is not me
"Surely you jest," she said, "if you thought I was purely
Out for the bucks you woulda bucked stuck and dropped me"
I said maturely, "You right
But better safe than sorry, before the lovebirds
Can move to the suburbs, I need to double check your story
To make sure that you one of a kind
And you deserve to be my Sunshine"

[Chorus: Babyface, (Jay-Z)]
Touch me with, a heart of gold (uh-huh)
I can't go a day without my sunshine (uh-huh) ahh-haaa (say what? uhh)
Touch me with, a smile of gold (yeah)
I can't go a day without my sunshine, sunshine (uhh, uhh, uhh)

[Verse 2: Jay-Z, (Foxy Brown)]
A year gone, and she seeing things most chicks only
Hear in songs (uh-huh), keep in gear phenom
Lots of ice in the air, round the neck the charm (that's right)
Risked a four to life bid to keep that shit on her arm
Keep her impressed at all times, cats would love to creep (uh-huh)
Just to say they crept with mine, slept with mine, she said

[Verse 3: Foxy Brown, (Jay-Z)]
I ain't deaf nor blind, niggas stressing
Hating 'cause they less than mine, they wanna sex me
We chose each other, you acting like you chose me
They oppose you then, they oppose me
We could creep at a low speed, the gat in the hosiery
Double cross you they got to triple cross me
(I'm thinking that's the way it's supposed to be) Uh-huh
(One more thing: If I ever go broke, would you hit the block for me?) Fo' sho'
(She replied, eyes open wide) Uhhhh
(Put that on everything?) I put that on my life
(Right)

[Chorus: Babyface, (Jay-Z)]
Touch me with, a heart of gold (uh-huh)
I can't go a day without my sunshine (uh-huh) ahh-haaa (say what? uhh)
Touch me with, a smile of gold (uhh)
I can't go a day without my sunshine, sunshine (uhh, uhh, uhh)

[Verse 4: Jay-Z, (Foxy Brown)]
If I need it would you, give me (Uhh) your kidneys? (Uhh, fo' sho')
Catch a case, you catch it with me? (Mmm, fo' sho')
Pawn your jewelry to come get me? (You better know)
Catch me with a chick (Uhh), forgive me? (Now that, I don't know)
They spread rumors, will you defend me, tooth and nail? (Uh-huh)
They try to frame me, will you be there, 'til the truth prevail? (Uhh)
(But would you be the same dude, when you blow the roof off sales That you was, throwin' rocks, on the roof at 12, nigga?)
This is the truth I shall, 'til the loot gets frail
I put this on my nephews, from the smallest to the pale
Me and you balling, from the Heavens, or the Hell
Won't let you hit the ground if I'm falling myself
Now picture me leaving you in this cold world, rolling for delf
It's me and you in this old girl, we taking the belt
From the lows, to the highs, to the foes we shine
Just continue to be my sunshine, uhh

[Chorus: Babyface, (Foxy Brown)]
Touch me with, a heart of gold (uh-huh)
I can't go a day without my sunshine (uh-huh) ahh-haaa (say what? uhh)
Touch me with, a smile of gold (yeah)
I can't go a day without my sunshine, sunshine (uhh, uhh, uhh)
Touch me with, a heart of gold
I can't go a day without my sunshine, ahh-haaa
Touch me with, a smile of gold
I can't go a day without my sunshine, sunshine

[Skit: Woman on answering machine]
I just wanted to let you know that your a real crab, ass, nigga by kicking us outta your fuckin' truck
We don' got kicked out of
Well we don' never got kicked outta shit before, but I'm sayin' if I did it would've been outta better shit
And you got a lotta fuckin' nerve by kickin' us out
I just wanted to let you know, you are a real, fuckin', crab
All them fuckin' love we showed you, you gonna be a fuckin' crab
Fuck, you! okay
No more takin' up for you, no more nothing, you find everything funny, you wanna take everything as a joke
Fuck, you
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Translations
Español
Русский (Russian)
Português
Kanye West - Guilt Trip (Traduzione Italiana)
Svenska
हिन्दी (Hindi)
Guilt Trip Lyrics
According to S1, this song was originally intended for the Watch the Throne album, but Kanye wanted to save it for something else. It also had a Jay Z verse on it.
(h/t Dj Booth)

[Produced by Kanye West, Mike Dean, S1, Travis Scott, and Ackeejuice Rockers]

[Intro: Kanye West]
I need to call it off
I need to, I need to make it known

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
'Nother one, something gone
Capricorn
Dancing out on the lawn
Fancy like the things she likes
I'm losing my
I'm living mine

[Chorus: Popcaan & Kanye West ]
All dem a gwaan— dem a— dem a— dem a gwaan
Dem a gwaan, gwaan, gwa-gwa-gwaan, sof-sof-softer, sof-softer ( 'Nother one )
All dem a gwaan— dem a— dem a— dem a gwaan
Gwaan-gwaan-gwa-waan softer than clay

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Maybe it's 'cause she into Leos and I was into trios
Plus all the trips to Rio couldn't have helped
It's gettin' cold, better bring your ski clothes
Peekin' through the keyhole, the door locked, by myself
And I'm feelin' it right now
'Cause it's the time when my heart got shot down
Blocka, blocka, blocka-blocka, blocka
Pour a little champagne, cranberry vodka
Feelin' lied to like parents never said you adopted
Your feelings like Zulu, then nothing is a Shaka
I hit her with Jamaican dick, I'm the new Shabba
She lookin' for her daddy, call me Big Poppa
On to the next saga
Focus on the future and let the crew knock her
Star Wars fur, yeah, I'm rockin' Chewbacca
The one Chief Rocka, number-one Chief Rocka, oh

[Chorus: Popcaan]
All dem a gwaan— dem a— dem a— dem a gwaan
Dem a gwaan, gwaan, gwa-gwa-gwaan, sof-sof-softer, sof-softer
All dem a gwaan— dem a— dem a— dem a gwaan
Gwaan-gwaan-gwa-waan softer than clay
All dem a gwaan— dem a— dem a— dem a gwaan
Dem a gwaan, gwaan, gwa-gwa-gwaan, sof-sof-softer, sof-softer

[Post-Chorus: Popcaan]
None ah dem have the guts to rise it and spray
None ah dem have the guts to bust the SK

[Bridge: Kid Cudi]
Oh, oh, oh
If you love me so much, then why'd you let me go?
If you love me so much, then why'd you let me go?
If you love me so much, then why'd you let me go?
Let me go? Let me go? Let me go, hm?
If you love me so much, then why'd you let me go?
Let me go, hm?

[Chorus: Popcaan]
All dem a gwaan— dem a— dem a— dem a gwaan
Dem a gwaan, gwaan, gwa-gwa-gwaan, sof-sof-softer, sof-softer
All dem a gwaan— dem a— dem a— dem a gwaan
Gwaan-gwaan-gwa-waan softer than clay
All dem a gwaan— dem a— dem a— dem a gwaan
Dem a gwaan, gwaan, gwa-gwa-gwaan, sof-sof-softer, sof-softer

[Post-Chorus: Popcaan]
None ah dem have the guts to rise it and spray
None ah dem have the guts to bust the SK
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
Empire State of Mind (Live) Lyrics
It's Brooklyn in the house
Yeah

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Yeah, I'm out that Brooklyn, now I'm down in Tribeca
Right next to De Niro, but I'll be hood forever
I'm the new Sinatra, and since I made it here
I can make it anywhere, yeah, they love me everywhere
I used to cop in Harlem – hola, my Dominicanos
Right there up on Broadway, brought me back to that McDonald's
Took it to my stash spot, 560 State Street
Catch me in the kitchen, like a Simmons whippin' pastry
Cruisin' down 8th street, off-white Lexus
Drivin' so slow, but BK is from Texas
Me? I'm out that Bed-Stuy, home of that boy Biggie
Now I live on Billboard and I brought my boys with me
Say what up to Ty Ty, still sippin' Mai Tais
Sittin' courtside, Knicks and Nets give me high fives
Nigga, I be spiked out, I could trip a referee
Tell by my attitude that I'm most definitely

[Chorus: Alicia Keys & Jay-Z ]
In New York
yes
Concrete jungle where dreams are made of
Yeah
There's nothin' you can't do
Sing with me tonight!
Now you're in New York
That's right!
These streets will make you feel brand-new
new
Big lights will inspire you
You!
Let's hear it for
New York
New York, New
York

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Catch me at the X with OG at a Yankee game
Shit, I made the Yankee hat more famous than a Yankee can
You should know I bleed Blue, but I ain't a Crip, though
But I got a gang of nation walkin' with my clique though
Welcome to the meltin' pot, corners where we sellin' rocks
Afrika Bambaataa shit, home of the hip-hop
Yellow cab, gypsy cab, dollar cab, holla back
For foreigners it ain't fair, they act like they forgot how to add
Eight million stories out there in the naked
City, it's a pity half of y'all won't make it
Me? I gotta plug Special Ed "I Got It Made"
If Jeezy's payin' LeBron, (I'm payin' Dwyane Wade)
Three dice Cee Lo, three card Monte
Labor Day Parade – rest in peace, Bob Marley
Statue of Liberty, long live the World Trade
Long live the king, yo – I'm from the Empire State...

[Chorus: Alicia Keys & Jay-Z ]
In New York
Sing now!
Concrete jungle where dreams are made of
Yeah!
There's nothin' you can't do
Yeah!
Now you're in New York
Feel so special tonight!
These streets will make you feel brand-new
New!
Big lights will inspire you
You!
Let's hear it for New York
New York, New York

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Lights is blinding, girls need blinders
So they can step out of bounds quick, the side lines is
Lined with casualties who sip the life casually
Then gradually become worse – don't bite the apple, Eve!
Caught up in the in-crowd, now you're in-style
And when winter gets cold, en vogue with your skin out
The city of sin is a pity on a whim
Good girls gone bad, the city's filled with them
Mami took a bus trip , now she got her bust out
Everybody ride her, just like a bus route
"Hail Mary" to the city, you're a virgin
And Jesus can't save you, life starts when the church ends
Came here for school, graduated to the high life
Ball players, rap stars, addicted to the limelight
MDMA got you feelin' like a champion
The city never sleeps, better slip you a Ambien

[Chorus: Alicia Keys & Jay-Z]
In New York
Yes!
Concrete jungle where dreams are made of
Yeah!
There's nothin' you can't do
Now you're in New York
That's right!
These streets will make you feel brand-new
New!
Big lights will inspire you
You!
Let's hear it for
New York
New York
, New York
Hands up!

[Bridge: Alicia Keys & JAY-Z ]
One
hand
in the
air
for the
big
city
Street lights, big dreams, all lookin' pretty
Yeah!
No place in the world that could compare
Yeah!
Put your lighters in the air,
everybody say
, "Yeah", Yeah
Say what!

[Chorus: Alicia Keys]
In New York
uh
Concrete jungle where dreams are made of
Sing!
There's nothin' you can't do
Now you're in New York
These streets will make you feel brand-new
new!
Big lights will inspire you
you!
Let's hear it for
New York
New York , New York
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Kanye West]

[Intro: Kanye West]
Uh, uh
Uh, uh

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Good mornin'
Good mornin'
Good mornin'
Good mornin'

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Wake up, Mr. West, Mr. West
Mr. Fresh, Mr. By Himself, he's so impressed
I mean, damn, did you even see the test?
You got D's, motherfucker, D's, Rosie Perez
And yer ass barely passed
any and every class
Lookin' at every ass, cheated on every test
I guess, this is my dissertation
Homie, this shit is basic, welcome to
Graduation

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Good mornin'
Good mornin'
Good mornin'
Good mornin'

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Good mornin', on this day we become legendary
Everythin' we dreamed of
I'm like the fly Malcolm X, buy any jeans necessary
Detroit Red cleaned up
From the streets to the league, from an eighth to
a key
But you graduate when you make it up outta the streets
From the moments of pain, look how far we done came
Haters sayin' you changed, now you doin' your thing

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Good mornin'
Good mornin'
Good mornin' and—
Good mornin'

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
Good mornin' and look at the valedictorian
Scared of the future while I hop in the DeLorean
Scared to face the world, complacent career student
Some people graduate, but be still stupid
They tell you, "Read this, eat this, don't look around
Just peep this, preach this, teach us, Jesus"
Okay, look up now, they done stole yo' streetness
After all of that, you received this

[Chorus: Kanye West & JAY-Z ]
Good mornin'
Hustlers, that's if you're still livin', get on down
Every time that we hear them
Good mornin'
Hustlers, that's if you're still livin', get on down
Every time that we hear them
Good mornin'
Hustlers, that's if you're still livin', get on down
Every time that we hear them
Good mornin'
Hustlers, that's if you're still livin', get on down

[Outro: JAY-Z]
Get on down
Get— Get on down
Get on down
Get— Get on down
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Roddy Ricch & Kanye West ]
Life change when you famous
I remember, back before the chains, we was nameless
Went through stages just to hop on new stages
Open up your eyes, man, they only entertainers
And I cannot sell my soul ( Soul )
And I cannot sell my soul ( Soul )
And I cannot sell my soul ( Yeah, soul )
And I cannot sell my soul ( Jesus saved my soul )
And I cannot sell my soul

[Verse 1: Roddy Ricch, Kanye West, Both ]
I've been at the top shinin' like a light pole
And I'm just a product of whatever I was raised in
This money sanctified, so I gotta say it again
They said I was mad at the Grammys
But I'm lookin' at my Grammy
right now
Pulled up on Ye, and I said, "They don't understand me"
I just want my dawg to pipe down
'Cause when you really came from the trenches
You was raised in the trenches ( Mm )
You feel like you trailblazed for the trenches ( Mm )
I hope God can forgive me for the days that I was sinnin' ( Mhm )

[Chorus: Roddy Ricch & Kanye West ]
The truth is only what you get away with, huh?
( Yo, all these lyin' **** )
I said the truth is only what you get away with, huh?
Ayy, that's why a lot of these **** be fakin', huh
Made it through the trials and tribulations, huh
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 2: Kanye West & Malik Yusef ]
Uh, uh, well, well, here goes
Well, here goes, but here goes
I was one of them weirdos of the pure soul
That would go to the flea market to buy fake clothes
Every color Girbauds, every Cutlass is cold
Every cousin that stole, every summer was cold
Out of all of the Moes, out of all of the Folks
After all of the jokes, I'm the one that was chose
All of my friends love to gangbang
How we in my car and you say we ain't in the same lane?
When we both had Pelles on
And we was scammin' for the prom before Chief Keef was "Bang, Bang"
Always had mob ties
Stood on my six points, how could I not rise?
Love, truth, peace, freedom, justice, but I'm not five
This Southside, and we outside
This Southside, and we outside
This Southside, and we outside
This Southside, and we outside
This Southside, and we outside
And for all the guys that went to the White House and said, "Free the old man"
Every day I put my life on the line to feed the whole
clan
Personal worth is not what a person is worth
I can give a dollar to every person on Earth
Man, it's gotta be God's plan
Man, I swear these boys keep playin'
We gon' have to square up then
We gon' have to send it up then
We gon' have to send it up then
We gon' have to send it up then, uh
We gon' have to send it up then
We gon' have to send it up then
My favorite place to send it

[Bridge: Kanye West]
It ain't how it used to be
This the new me, so get used to me
It ain't how it used to be
This the new me, so get used to me
Lookin' in the mirror, it's the truth for me
Lookin' at my kids, it's the proof for me
Devil get behind me, I'm loose, I'm free
Father, Holy Spirit, let loose on me
Father, I'm Yours exclusively
Devil get behind me, I'm loose, I'm free
Father, Holy Spirit, let loose on me
Father, I'm Yours exclusively
Devil get behind me, I'm loose, I'm free
Devil get behind me, I'm loose, I'm free

[Chorus: Roddy Ricch & Shenseea]
The truth is only what you get away with, huh
I said the truth is only what you get away with, huh?
Ayy, that's why a lot of these **** be fakin', huh (Man, this beat is so hard)
Made it through the trials and tribulations, huh

[Outro: Shenseea]
Woah, oh, yeah-yeah
The truth the only thing you get away with (Can't get away)
Oh, no (No)
The truth the only thing you get away with (Woah-woah, oh)
The truth (I did it), the truth
The truth the only thing you get away with
Oh-oh (Altogether, trust again)
The truth the only thing you get away with
(I can trust again, I can only trust in Him, woah)
The truth (Oh, yeah)
The truth the only thing you get away with (Can't get away)
Oh, oh
The truth the only thing you get away with
The truth (The truth), the truth (Woah)
He know every side of, every side of you (Oh)
Don't shine through
They could never hide from you (The truth)
He can see it, bird's-eye view
The truth the only thing you get away with
Won't get away
Oh, oh
They can never hide from you
They can never hide, hide from you (No, no)
The truth
The truth the only thing you get away with
Get away, get away, oh-woah
The truth the only thing you get away with
The truth, the truth
The truth the only thing you get away with
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Vory]
No child left behind
No child left behind
No child left behind
No child left behind
No child left behind

[Verse: Vory]
Back again, I used my back against the wall
Never called on y'all, never count on y'all
I'll always count on God
Back again, I used my back against the wall
Never called on y'all, never count on y'all
I'll always count on God

[Chorus: Kanye West]
He's done miracles on me
He's done miracles on me
He's done miracles on me
He's done miracles on me
He's done miraclеs on me
He's done miraclеs on me
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Connie Mitchell]
Flashing lights
Flashing lights
Flashing lights
Flashing lights

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
She don't believe in shootin' stars
But she believe in shoes and cars
Wood floors in the new apartment
Couture from the store's departments
You more like love to start shit
I'm more of the trips to Florida
Ordered the hors d'oeuvres, views of the water
Straight from a page of your favorite author
And the weather so breezy
Man, why can't life always be this easy?
She in the mirror dancin' so sleazy
I get a call like, "Where are you, Yeezy?"
And try to hit you with the ol-wu-wopte
'Til I got flashed by the paparazzi
Damn, these niggas got me
I hate these niggas more than a Nazi

[Chorus: Dwele & Connie Mitchell ]
As I recall, I know you love to show off
But I never thought that you would take it this far
But what do I know?
Flashing lights
What do I know? Know
Flashing lights

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I know it's been a while, sweetheart
We hardly talk, I was doin' my thing
I know I was foul, baby
A-bay, lately, you've been all on my brain
And if somebody would've told me a month ago
Frontin' though, yo, I wouldn't wanna know
If somebody would've told me a year ago
It'll go get this difficult
Feelin' like Katrina with no FEMA
Like Martin with no Gina
Like a flight with no visa
First class with the seat back, I still see ya
In my past, you on the other side of the glass
Of my memory's museum
I'm just sayin', "Hey, Mona Lisa
Come home, you know you can't roam without Caesar"

[Chorus: Dwele & Connie Mitchell ]
As I recall, I know you love to show off
But I never thought that you would take it this far
But what do I know?
Flashing lights
What do I know? Know
Flashing lights
As you recall, you know I love to show off
But you never thought that I would take it this far
But what do you know?
Flashing lights
What do you know? Know
Flashing lights

[Outro: Connie Mitchell]
Flashing lights
Flashing lights
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Kanye West]

[Chorus: Kanye West & GLC ]
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
( Yeah, yeah )
I wish I could ( Me, too )
Buy me a spaceship and fly ( I swear I do )
Past the sky, oh
GLC feel you, Ye—I feel you, man
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could
Buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky (Man, man, man...)
Oh, oh, oh

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
If my manager insults me again
I will be assaulting him
After I fuck the manager up
Then, I'm gonna shorten the register up
Let's go back, back to the Gap
Look at my check—wasn't no scratch
So if I stole, wasn't my fault
Yeah, I stole—never got caught
They take me to the back and pat me
Asking me about some khakis
But let some Black people walk in
I bet you they show off their token blackie
Oh, now they love Kanye
"Let's put him all in the front of the store"
So I'm on break
Next to the "No Smoking" sign with a blunt in the mall
Taking my hits, writing my hits
Writing my rhymes, playing my mind
This fucking job can't help him
So I quit, y'all welcome
Y'all don't know my struggle
Y'all can't match my hustle
You can't catch my hustle
You can't fathom my love, dude
Lock yourself in a room
Doing five beats a day for three summers
That's
A Different World
like Cree Summer's
I deserve to do these numbers
"The kid that made that deserves that Maybach!"
So many records in my basement
I'm just waitin' on my spaceship, blaow!

[Chorus: Kanye West, GLC , & Kanye w/ Choir ]
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky, oh
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could
buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky
Tryna tell you, man, way past the sky
Oh, oh
( Let's go, ugh )

[Verse 2: GLC]
And I didn't even try to work a job
Represent the mob at the same time (Woo)
Thirsty on the grind, Chi state of mind
Lost my mama, lost my mind (Aww)
Life, my love, that's not mine
"Why you ain't signed?" Wasn't my time
Leave me alone, work for y'all
Half of it's yours, half of it's mine
Only wanna ball, never wanna fall (Ugh)
Gotta get mine, gotta take mine (Ugh)
Got a Tec-9, reach my prime (Ugh)
Gotta make these haters respect mine (Yeah)
In the mall 'til 12 when my schedule had said 9
Putting them pants on shelves
Waiting patiently, I ask myself
Where I wanna go, where I wanna be
Life is much more than running in the streets
Holler at 'Ye, hit me with the beat
Put me on my feet, sounds so sweet
Yes, I'm the same ol' G
Same goatee, stayin' low-key, nope
Holler at God: "Man, why'd You have to take my folks?"
Hope to see Freddie G.,
Yusef G
, love my G
Rolly G, police watch me
Smoke my weed and count my Gs
Got a lot of people counting on me (That's right)
And I'm just tryin' to find my peace (That's right)
Should've finished school like my niece
Then I finally wouldn't use my piece, blaow!

[Chorus: Kanye West, GLC , & Kanye w/ Choir ]
I've been working this grave-shift
Aww, man, this pressure
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could
Buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky
, oh
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could
Buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky
Oh, oh, oh

[Verse 3: Consequence]
I 'member having to take the dollar cab
Coming home real late at night
Standing on my feet all damn day
Tryna make this thing right
And havin' one of my coworkers say, "Yo, you look just like
This kid I seen in an old Busta Rhymes video the other night"
Well, easy come, easy go, how that saying goes
No more broad service, cars, and them TV shows
That all had got snatched from me, A&Rs and they faculties
All turn they back on me and didn't wanna hear a rap from me
So naturally, actually, had to face things factually
Had to be a catastrophe, empty fridge is staring back at me
'Cause nothing's there, nothing's fair
I don't wanna ever go back there
So I won't be taking no days off 'til my spaceship takes off, blaow!

[Chorus: Kanye West & Kanye w/ Choir ]
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could
Buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky
, oh
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could
Buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky
Oh, oh, oh

[Outro: Tony Williams]
I wanna fly
I wanna fly
I said I want my chariot to pick me up
And take a brother for a ride
(Heaven knows, heaven knows)
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Chorus 1: Kendrick Lamar]
The homies say I'm the truest
The bitches think I'm the cutest
The definition what cool is
Boy, I thought you knew this
Bitch, I do this

[Verse 1: Y-O]
Now I prefer women with some sexy toes
With no corns but enjoys eating vegetables
Seem like everybody love the role of assholes
But I'm feeling better being crowned with some bad hoes
Mr. Michael of Amish yo speaking
Fedora on the top, the Black Abraham Lincoln
I hear they fell in love with my penis
Only concerned with my balls like Venus

[Verse 2: Thurz]
Huh, they say I'm rolling like a big shot
Kama Sutra missionary, fuck shit up on top
Say, I'm big time, Flavor Flav on a wristwatch
And all these chickens want that rooster, call it Big Cock
Co-co-co-cock that, aim and shoot that sure shot
U-N-I, T.D.E. be doing it so go head and hop
On that bandwagon of my genitals, not new to me
I’m still serving broads on my TIP for gratuities

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
The homies say I'm the truest
The bitches think I'm the cutest
The definition what cool is
Boy, I thought you knew this
Bitch, I do this
Bitch, I do this
Bitch, I do this
The definition what cool is
Boy, I thought you knew this
Bitch, I do this

[Verse 3: Skeme]
Oh Lord, here he come, there they go again
Kendrick got my cover fire, bitch I'm going in
Burn a swisher up, then I roll again
Ee-Jay and Weezy, just make sure that dough keep rolling in, hah!
Got the world going crazy
Big chrome
.380
if a nigga try and play me
Nigga's swag wavy, chauffeur got me car-pooling
So when it come to stunting, bitch I do it

[Verse 4: Brown]
Never been like you or wanted to be, I do me
She found out that I'm in a group, now she's a groupie
Don't need a watch that's full of diamonds to know that it's perfect timing
We be shining blue and brown and got that golden Gucci
Yeah, keep it simple stupid, all I see is trendy all around me
T.D.E. the movement, we Sore Losers out of Dallas County
Country accent, city fashion, lights are flashing on the cameras
Hoes are choosing, niggas' hating, we ain’t tripping, keep our balance

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
The homies say I'm the truest
The bitches think I'm the cutest
The definition what cool is
Boy, I thought you knew this
Bitch, I do this
Bitch, I do this
Bitch, I do this
The definition what cool is
Boy, I thought you knew this
Bitch, I do this

[Verse 5: Kendrick Lamar]
These hoes want to love me, man
So I'm like, what up? Uh what up?
Uh, bitch I do this remix stupid, fire burning, people looting
That's the chaos, comes from K. Dot swinging swords and hanging nooses
Chucking deuces, then drop one, dropping music and I won
Call me hot or call me Pac, every eye on me and it's obviously
I'm close as next to kingdom come, I just run my city dude
You just make your city run, they hate to be next to you
Tables turn, say you earn rights to be the God MC
I'm 'bout to make that halo burn, now goddamn that's some irony
I am the messiah of society
Beside a Halle Berry, feed me berries in Paris, oui-oui
I carry on a great endeavor, ambition leave all men grief
Like beliefs of Mason Betha, reporting from C-P-T, motherfucker

[Outro: Kendrick Lamar]
Bitch, I do this
Bitch, I do this
The definition what cool is
Boy, I thought you knew this
Bitch, I do this
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
Catch up, niggas

[Verse]
Damn you fadin' 'em Hov', how you gave 'em that?
Audemar Piguet with the alligator strap
Sick of y'all niggas with ya Now and Later raps
Rap about it now, hope you get it later
Do a couple shows, hope you niggas is savin' up
(I SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS, SON)
But this particular watch be a one of one
That means none before it, none to come
The homie that's rappin' be the only one that has it
(I SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS, SON)
You ain't heard? I push the six when the fives is out
You can't fight me, in the Porsche I'll box you out
(I SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS, SON)
We don't drive X5s we give 'em to baby-mammas
Push the big top that shaped like a Kansas chicken snack box
I get it crackin' when I'm backin' out the garage
A 360 drop Ferrar', shutdown manhattan
Bucket low, like fuck it, though
Nikes on, daytime, lights on, hell yeah I'm frontin' but you love it, though
(I SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS, SON)
Nigga I'm a check writer, you're royalty receivers
Y'all eatin' off Per Diem, on the low like a caesar
Pay ya taxes, y'all niggas hustlin' backwards
I cop and crash whips, Jay is a bastard
(I SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS, SON)
How you want it, my jeans is 300
These ain't Diesel, nigga, these is Evisu
Top is Roc, you know the rest
A big bucket of frozen water on my chest
(I SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS, SON)
Listen man, get a crate, some crack, and some house slippers
A newspaper, look out boy, and get ya chips up
Or get a gun, a mask, an escape route
Some ducktape'll make 'em take you to the house
And ma don't give him nothin', unless he's treatin' you special
Soon he'll get desperate, and go down and bless you
And when he come up for air, with a mouth full of hair
Just grab your coach bag and get the fuck outta there, yeah
(I SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS, HON)
Look, think big, fuck gettin' your nails done
Think cars, cribs, jewels, some shit for your son
Don't let 'em give you, hard dick and bubble gum
Make him cop the Lex bubble, 2001 hon
(I SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS, HON)
And if your man got you baggin' up, it could be worse
Just put a little in the baggy, put a little in the purse
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Skit]
Aye, Purse, rack 'em up, man
What you bettin', Biggs?
Bet the same thing
Ayo, I got next, man
Yo, you got the money, man?
You ass bettin' ass, nigga
The shit is right downstairs in the trunk
Don't trip; we parked right behind each other, nigga
I'ma get the shit before we go downstairs
Yeah, aight, what's up with that case, man?
Aw, man, it ain't nothin'
Ain't nobody snitching or nothing; you know our team is tight
Still sitting on seven digits, unlike you, you broke ass nigga
Fuck outta here, this cat right here
This broke ass, ass betting ass nigga
Betting five thousand ain't got no money
Chili cheese face ass nigga (Fuck outta here)
Sandy cake face ass nigga (Fuck outta here)
(Laughter)

[Intro: Sauce Money]
Ayo, Jay, word up
These motherfuckers fucking talking
That comeback shit like they cooking crack
Shit, I ain't fronting
All I want my pockets green like slum change
You know what I'm saying?
Front the roll we roll back like rubbers, motherfucker, for real
With no trace of AIDS
We keep our pockets fully blown
Roc-A-Fella clique, nigga

[Verse 1: Sauce Money]
Ayo, we patting down pussy from Sugar Hill to the Shark Bar
Fuck a bitch D in the marked car
We got the bad bitches gasping for air in Aspen
Searching for Aspirin when I ascend, we swing
You cling, we do our thing and bring
Sling your
ding-a-ling
from Bed-Stuy, Brooklyn to Beijing
East coast host is hostile colossal
Money flaring like nostrils for drug dealing apostles, huh
Al Pacino down to Nino Brown
Me, Jay and Preemo, got it sewed across the board like Pokeno
Teflon, make sure your jammy is full
'Cause I heard, Sammy the Bull lamps in Miami with pull
Tropical leaves where I got a few keys
With my man I'll stock a few G's, now it's unstoppable cheese
Said we was garbage, so fuck college
Street knowledge amazing to scholars when we coin phrases for dollars
Star studded bitches with crystals
Get fucked with pistols, just to see my shit, discharge puss
I drop the stellar, even acapella
I got to tell all about Roc-A-Fella

[Chorus: Fat Joe sample]
Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing
Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing
Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing
Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Mannerisms of a young Bobby DeNiro, spent Spanish wisdoms
In a whip with dinero,
crime organized like the Pharoahe
I cream, I diamond gleam
High post like Hakeem, got a lot of things to drop
Brooklyn to Queens, I got to keep my steam
Niggas wanna try to hem my long jeans
Uptown fiend for Jay-Z to appear on the scene
In the meanwhile, here's something dope for y'all to lean
Liaison for days on end
Money make the world go around so I made some to spend
Can I live,
did dough with my nigs, dividends flow
Like the Mississippi Riv', looking jig
Can't do for dolo,
had to turn away when Tony killed Manolo
That's real, mixed feelings like a mulatto
Thug thought he was O.G. Bobby Johnson
I played him like Benny Blanco
Mano a mano, you ain't ready
I fondle triggers straight up
Shoot my guns horizontal,
get your weight up
I am two-point-two pounds
You're barely a hundred and twenty-five grams
Wouldn't expect y'all to understand this money
Do the knowledge, due to few dollars, I'm due to demolish crews
Brooklyn through Hollis to a hood near you, what the fuck?

[Chorus: Fat Joe sample]
Bring it on if you think you can hang

[Verse 3: Big Jaz]
Money is power, I'm energetic with facial credit
Pure platinum fetish for cheddars
Spread lettuce, heroes get deadish
I make moves that remove pebbles out of shoes
You suck pistol like pipe with the crystal
John Stockton couldn't assist you
Convoys of Benzes like we fouling in the U.N
So what the fuck you doing?
Whatever, nigga, Fahrvergnügen, rugged yet polished
Spanking dollars with the commas
Banging bitches out the Bahamas
On hides of llama we cry nada, fly farther
Fry hotter, you die gotta, fuck with me witness mañana
Absence of malice in my palace
Call cousin now Dallas trigger finger with the callus
Tip scales from mail to keep these niggas off balance
Your frequent stops to O.T.B. you feeding me
Steam a nigga scheming on the wrist action with the gleams
Jewels for Pop Duke fulfill your dreams
Never put the pure brown sugar before the dirty green cream

[Chorus: Fat Joe sample]
Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing
Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing
Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing
Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing
Yeah, bring it on, bring it on, bring it on
Yeah, bring it on, bring it on, bring it on
Yeah, bring it on, bring it on, bring it on
Yeah, bring it on, bring it on, bring it on
Bring it on, if you think, if you think, if you think
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
Rare Breed, Kendrick Lamar
Breed up or speed up
Breed up or speed up
Breed up or speed up

[Verse 1]
This is for my niggas that be all blacked out
Hit the streets a hundred deep, what Rare Breed about?
Riding hard, bending corners, the girlies on us
Leave a hater scarred, big Dressers sit at the stop light
Road Glides and Road Kings deep in my hindsight
You do it right or don't do it at all
Put that candy paint on it, ride them twenty-threes homie
Custom seats, custom brakes, hit the streets and ball
Centre of attention like Bynum and GasolYou know that killer californication
When you feeling like you sitting on a ceiling, chasing
Dreams, hoping this conglomerate can run the nation
It's abomination how we bomb yo' block
I'm talking Big Punch, K-Dub, Baby Slip Billy
Bad Azz, Rare Breed, we all we got
See 'em out, show 'em love, chunk the deuce, give it up
It's a lot of bike clubs but they not this hard, nope

[Hook]
Pounding on the highway stretch
All blacked out, making sure we on deck
Might catch us on them Dressers or them Road Glides,
yes
Tell the world I'm a Rare Breed baby
Breed up or speed up (don't stop, don't stop)
Breed up or speed up (don't stop, don't stop)
Breed up or speed up, I'm a Rare Breed baby

[Verse 2]
And it's like that to the death though
Two-oh-point and seeing decimals, I ain't lying
Pounding on the interstate in the state that shines
Or we might be in a hood near you
Around the globe baby, Rare Breed under control baby
Them pipes loud, the movement entice crowds
We heat it up in the cold baby
It's three degrees out? Then you should see me out
Or see bout them kitty cats and how they go meow
Ha-ha, we be the father of Harley drivers, so don't bother
Show you infants how to whip it, have a bye-bye
Posers try to hang? Then we hang 'em by the collar
Silk, lannie, Rare Breed family
Stunting hard like a black circus, voila
Breed up or speed up, get ahead
So with that said, bye-bye

[Hook]
Pounding on the highway stretch
All blacked out, making sure we on deck
Might catch us on them Dressers or them Road Glides,
yes
Tell the world I'm a Rare Breed baby
Breed up or speed up (don't stop, don't stop)
Breed up or speed up (don't stop, don't stop)
Breed up or speed up, I'm a Rare Breed baby
Pounding on the highway stretch
All blacked out, making sure we on deck
Might catch us on them Dressers or them Road Glides,
yes
Tell the world I'm a Rare Breed baby
Breed up or speed up (don't stop, don't stop)
Breed up or speed up (don't stop, don't stop)
Breed up or speed up, I'm a Rare Breed baby

[Outro]
Shouting out the one and only Rare Breed
Now Breed up!
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro: Jason Mewes]
I fell in love with you, we fell in love with you
Guys like us just don't fall out of the fucking sky, you know?

[Chorus: Ty Dolla $ign]
Let's keep zonin'
Let's keep floatin', let's keep moanin'
Girl, I know that it ain't over
In the morning, you'll be runnin' back to me
Heart was broken, I am frozen
Now you're glowin'
This is more than just a moment
In the morning, you'll be runnin' back to me

[Verse 1: Kanye West, Ty Dolla $ign & Quavo ]
This the shit that make rap niggas mad
Them "think they cool" niggas mad
Bad bitches more bad
You shouldn't have bought her more ass
, shall I add?
Tell me, where we at? ( Where we at? )
I put nerds on the map ( On thе map )
Now this Urkel in your bitch
Did I do that?

[Interlude: Jason Mewes]
Beautiful, naked, big-titty womеn just don't fall out the sky, you know?

[Verse 2: Kanye West with Jason Mewes ]
Sky, you know? Sky, you know?
And beautiful, big titty, butt-naked women just don't fall out the sky, you know?
Tell me how you know
I been searchin' high and low
And I can tell you one thing
Beautiful, big-titty, butt-naked women just don't fall out the sky, you know? (Uh)
Yeezy, how you doin', huh?
Yeezy, how you doin', huh?
Yeezy, how you doin', huh?
Beautiful, big titty, butt-naked women just don't fall out the sky, uh, uh
Just don't fall out the sky, you know?
Just don't fall out the sky, you know?
And beautiful, big titty, butt-naked women just don't fall out the sky, you know?
Tell me how you know
I been searchin' high and low
And I can tell you one thing
Beautiful, big-titty, butt-naked women just don't fall out the sky, you know?
Tell me how you know
I been searchin' high and low
And I can tell you one thing
Beautiful, big-titty,
butt-naked women just don't fall out the sky, you know?
Just don't fall out the sky, you know?
Sky, you know?
They just don't fall out the sky, you know?
They so valuable
I been searchin' high and low
And I can tell you one thing
Beautiful, big-titty, butt-naked women just don't fall out the sky, you know?

[Chorus: Ty Dolla $ign]
Let's keep zonin'
Let's keep floatin', let's keep moanin'
Girl, I know that it ain't over
In the morning, you'll be runnin' back to me
Heart was broken, I am frozen
Now you're glowin'
This is more than just a moment
In the morning, you'll be runnin' back to me

[Verse 3: Freddie Gibbs & Quavo ]
This that shit that make rap niggas mad, yeah
Fuckin' two twins, I told her skinny was in
So she took out all the ass, kept it natural (Yeah)
But that thing still movin', I had to knock it down
Yeezy, where we at? ( Where we at? )
Florence to Milan
Just turned a bird bitch to my ex like I was Elon
Count hundreds on the blue side, booty must've grew in size
Seen it from the front side, damn, it must be two-sized (Yeah)
Goddamn it, must be two sides
Forgis on the Double R, I'm floatin' like a cruise line
Bitches wanna fuck me, then trap me, then fuck me over
She cryin' tears in that Maybach and not the Toyota
Once it's over, then she dead to me, give that ho a
memorial
Suck my dick for the interview, a headitorial
Put you on a track, have you workin' like I appointed you
Ho, how you gon' go blockin' your blessing when I anointed you?
Beautiful big titty, butt-naked bitches, where you at? Uh
Started off trippin', tell her, "Pay tuition," no congrats, uh
Winin' and dinin', now to take my ratchet ho to Saks, uh
She was too used to Hamburger Helper, chilli mac
And that's facts, you can fact-check it
I'm from the crack era
Redbone bitches, they king me like I'm a black checker
Standin' at the plate, your ho catchin' balls like a back catcher
I bring my pistol when I fuck her 'cause it's all 'bout survival, ho
I'll gut you clean, I bet you fuck with my rivals, though
Put that on everything, a whole stack of bibles, ho
Real niggas like me just don't fall out the sky, you know
So keep vibin', ho
And you know that's facts, you can fact-check it
I'm from the crack era
Where niggas run off and work it, don't bring it back era
Standin' at the plate, your ho catchin' balls like a back catcher

[Outro: Jason Mewes]
Beautiful, naked, big-titty women just don't fall out the sky, you know?
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Kanye West, Mike Dean & No I.D.]

[Chorus: Kid Cudi]
Ain't no question if I want it, I need it
I can feel it slowly drifting away from me
I'm on the edge, so why you playing? I'm saying
I will never ever let you live this down, down, down
Not for nothing, I've foreseen it, I dreamed it
I can feel it slowly drifting away from me
No more chances, if you blow this, you bogus
I will never ever let you live this down, down, down

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Penitentiary chances, the devil dances
And eventually answers to the call of autumn
All them fallin' for the love of ballin'
Got caught with thirty rocks, the cop look like Alec Baldwin
Inter-century anthems based off inner-city tantrums
Based off the way we was branded
Face it, Jerome get more time than Brandon
And at the airport, they check all through my bag
And tell me that it's random
But we stay winning
This week has been a bad massage, I need a happy ending
And a new beginning and a new fitted
And some job opportunities that's lucrative
This the real world, homie, school finished
They done stole your dreams, you don't know who did it
I treat the cash the way the government treats AIDS
I won't be satisfied 'til all my niggas get it, get it?

[Chorus: Kid Cudi]
Ain't no question if I want it, I need it
I can feel it slowly drifting away from me
I'm on the edge, so why you playing? I'm saying
I will never ever let you live this down, down, down

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Is hip-hop just a euphemism for a new religion?
The soul music of the slaves that the youth is missing
But this is more than just my road to redemption
Malcolm West had the whole nation standing at attention
As long as I'm in Polo smiling, they think they got me
But they'd try to crack me if they ever see a Black me
I thought I chose a field where they couldn't sack me
If a nigga ain't shootin' a jumpshot, runnin' a track meet
But this pimp is at the top of Mount Olympus
Ready for the world's games, this is my Olympics
We make 'em say ho 'cause the game is so pimpish
Choke a
South Park
writer with a fishstick
I insisted to get up off of this dick
And these drugs, niggas can't resist it
Remind me when they tried to have Ali enlisted
If I ever wasn't the greatest, nigga, I must have missed it

[Chorus: Kid Cudi]
Ain't no question if I want it, I need it
I can feel it slowly drifting away from me
I'm on the edge, so why you playing? I'm saying
I will never ever let you live this down, down, down

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
I need more drinks and less lights
And that American Apparel girl in just tights
She told the director she tryna get in a school
He said, "Take them glasses off and get in the pool"
It's been a while since I watched the tube
'Cause like a Crip set, I got way too many blues for any more bad news
I was looking at my resume, feeling real fresh today
They rewrite history, I don't believe in yesterday
And what's a Black Beatle anyway, a fuckin' roach?
I guess that's why they got me sitting in fuckin' coach
My guy said I need a different approach
'Cause people is looking at me like I'm sniffin' coke
It's not funny anymore, try different jokes
Tell 'em hug and kiss my ass, X and O
And kiss the ring while they at it, do my thing while I got it
Play strings for the dramatic ending of that wack shit
Act like I ain't had a belt in two classes
I ain't got it, I'm coming after whoever who has it
I'm coming after whoever, who has it?
You blowin' up, that's good, fantastic
That, y'all, it's like that, y'all
I don't really give a fuck about it at all
'Cause the same people that tried to blackball me
Forgot about two things, my Black balls

[Chorus: Kid Cudi]
Ain't no question if I want it, I need it
I can feel it slowly drifting away from me
I'm on the edge, so why you playing? I'm saying
I will never ever let you live this down, down, down

[Verse 4: Raekwon]
Ayy, yo
I done copped Timbs, lived in lenses, kid
Armani suits, fresh fruits, Bally boots, and Benzes
Counting up, smoking, one cuff
Live as a red Jag', a Louis bag, grabbin' a blunt, fuck it
Steam about a hundred and one L's
Kites off to jails, buyin' sweats, running up in Stetson
Nigga hat game was special
It matched every black pair of Nikes, throwing dice for decimals
The older head, bolder head, would train a soldier head
Make sure he right in the field, not a soldier dead
That meant code red, bent off the black skunk
The black Dutch, back of the old shed
If you can't live, you dying, you give or buy in
Keep it real or keep it moving, keep grinding
Keep shining, to every young man, this is a plan
Learn from others like your brothers Rae and Kanye

[Chorus: Kid Cudi]
Not for nothing, I've forseen it, I dreamed it
I can feel it slowly drifting away from me
No more chances, if you blow this, you bogus
I will never ever let you live this down, down, down
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
This, this, this
Should be played at high volume
Preferably in a residential

[Bridge]
Life’s a bitch, life’s a bitch
But I’mma keep the pussy wet (Yep)
I’mma keep the pussy wet (Yep)
I’mma keep the pussy wet (Yep)
I’mma keep the pussy wet (Yep)
My dick hard, her pussy wet

[Verse 1 - Kendrick Lamar]
And I’m born with my dick in the earth
You can tell me how much am I worth
I’mma die with my heart on my sleeve
Many die on their hands and their knees
And I’m takin’ whatever I need
And I’m raping the government fees
And you’re wasting your time
And I’m speaking my mind on whatever I think
And I think that I’m Richard Pryor
With priors of 32 fiends
And that means that I hear for higher
Tell me why are you starin’ at me?
Matta fact, man, your eyes is wired
You inspired by Kendrick the king
Maybe it’s ’cause I’m living my dream
Man, I sing what I’m living about
And the words that come out of my mouth
They requires a random routine
Of being organic granite
Then my access is granted
To represent the shit that I conceive
And I guarantee that I’mma bring
My mind, body, soul
And I sold all these records off bein’ myself
And I wish you can do the same thing, man
It’s easier than a stripper
Or tyin’ a baby shoestring, you stringing along
And really why you writing a song?
Your passion for music is never in sync
No secret societies guided me to the world of unseen
And they tell me life is a bitch, who gives a shit?
You'll get relief

[Bridge]
I’mma keep the pussy wet (Yep)
I’mma keep the pussy wet (Yep)
My dick hard, her pussy wet
I'mma keep the pussy wet (Yep)

[Hook]
(Hi, ho!) I came
(Bye, ho!) I went
(Hi, ho!) I came
(Bye, ho!) I went
(Hi, ho!) I came
(Bye, ho!) I went
(Bitch-bitch-bitch-bitch-bitch-bitch-bitch-bitch-bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch)

[Verse 2 - Kendrick Lamar]
And I see that you envy of me
Enemigos don’t prosper
Better yet, they do die eventually
If I’m at the event you will leave
‘Cause you know and I know that
I go ham even if Muslims is seen
In my rearview I’m near you
But I don’t hear you, can you at least breathe?
With an oxygen mask, and
The masses keep saying I’m speaking for them
And if you can imagine my madness
Then you can see where I’ve been
And the places the Louis has been
And I swear I been doing this when
You was in pajamas, watching B-Barney and Friends
And you couldn’t harm me even with ten
Weapons of your choice riding in
Army tanks, you shot blanks
And I shot back, make your duplex bend
What the fuck you think? If I don’t think
Then I’m right back where the city sin
What the fuck you drink?
Thinking I can’t write these raps in the Lions’ Den
When I hear that you lyin’, then?
It’s murder she wrote, ain’t no hope
You go downhill, man, where’s your slope?
Get thrown downhill tied to a rope
Tell the world to put intervals
Man, I swear this the anecdote
And they tell me that life is a bitch
Who gives a shit when you know?

[Bridge]
I’mma keep the pussy wet (Yep)
I’mma keep the pussy wet (Yep)
My dick hard, her pussy wet
I'mma keep the pussy wet (Yep)

[Hook]
(Hi, ho!) I came
(Bye, ho!) I went
(Hi, ho!) I came
(Bye, ho!) I went
(Hi, ho!) I came
(Bye, ho!) I went
(Bitch-bitch-bitch-bitch-bitch-bitch-bitch-bitch-bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch)

[Refrain]
And I see that you envy of me
Don’t prosper, better yet, they do die eventually
Cause you know and I know that I go ham even if Muslims is seen
In my rearview I’m near you
But I don't hear you, can you at least breathe?
(Hi, ho!)
(Bye, ho!)
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Produced by Evidence & Kanye West]

[Intro: JAY-Z]
Aight, let's run it, let's run it
Yo fuck you, Kanye, first and foremost
For making me do this shit. Muh'fucker
Had to throw everybody out the motherfucking room
'Cause they don't fucking--

[Kanye West]
I'd like to propose a toast
I said toast, motherfucker!

[Chorus: Kanye West]
And I am
(Here's to the Roc)
And they ask me, they ask me, they ask me, I tell them
(Here's to Roc-A-Fella)
Raise your glasses, your glasses, your glasses to the sky and
(Here's to the Roc)
This is the last call for alcohol, for the
(Mr. Rockefeller)
So get your ass up off the wall

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
The all around the world Digital Underground Pac
The Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer of the Roc
I take my chain, my fifteen seconds of fame
And come back next year with the whole fucking game
Ain't nobody expect Kanye to end up on top
They expected that
College Dropout
to drop and then flop
Then maybe he stop savin' all the good beats for himself
Roc-A-Fella's only niggas that helped
My money was thinner than Sean Paul's goatee hair
Now Jean Paul Gaultier cologne fill the air,
here
They say he bougie, he big-headed
Would you please stop talking about how my dick head is
Flow infectious, give me ten seconds
I'll have a buzz bigger than insects in Texas
It's funny how wasn't nobody interested
'Til the night I almost killed myself in Lexus

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Now I am
(Here's to the Roc)
And they ask me, they ask me, they ask me, I tell them
(Here's to Roc-A-Fella)
Raise your glasses, your glasses, your glasses to the sky and
(Here's to the Roc)
This is the last call for alcohol, for the
(Mr. Rockefeller)
So get your ass up off the wall

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Now was Kanye the most overlooked? Yes sir
Now is Kanye the most overbooked? Yes sir
Though the fans want the feeling of A Tribe Called Quest
But all they got left is this guy called West
That'll take Freeway, throw him on tracks with Mos Def
Call him
Kwa-li or Kwe-li,
I put him on songs with JAY-Z
I'm the Gap like Banana Republic and Old Navy, and oooh
It come out sweeter than old Sadie
Nice as Bun-B when I met him at the Source awards
Girl he had with him - ass coulda won the horse awards
And I was almost famous,
now everybody love Kanye
I'm almost Raymond
Some say he arrogant, can y'all blame him?
It was straight embarrassing how y'all played him
Last year shoppin' my demo, I was tryin' to shine
Every motherfucker told me that I couldn't rhyme
Now I could let these dream killers kill my self-esteem
Or use my arrogance as the steam to power my dreams
I use it as my gas, so they say that I'm gassed
But without it I'd be last, so I ought to laugh
So I don't listen to the suits behind the desk no more
You niggas wear suits 'cause you can't dress no more
You can't say shit to Kanye West no more
I rocked 20,000 people, I was just on tour, nigga
I'm Kon, the Louis Vuitton Don
Bought my mom a purse, now she Louis Vuitton Mom
I ain't play the hand I was dealt, I changed my cards
I prayed to the skies and I changed my stars
I went to the malls and I balled too hard
"Oh my god, is that a black card?"
I turned around and replied, "Why yes
But I prefer the term African American Express"
Brains, power, and muscle
Like Dame, Puffy, and Russell
Your boy back on his hustle
You know what I've been up to
Killin y'all niggas on that lyrical shit
Mayonnaise-colored Benz, I push Miracle Whips

[Chorus: Kanye West]
And I am
(Here's to the Roc)
And they ask me, they ask me, they ask me, I tell them
(Here's to Roc-A-Fella)
Raise your glasses, your glasses, your glasses to the sky and
(Here's to the Roc)
This is the last call for alcohol, for my niggas
(Mr. Rockefeller)
So get your ass up off the wall

[Outro]
So this A&R over at Roc-A-Fella, named Hip Hop Picked the "Truth" beat for Beanie. And I was in the session with him. I had my demo with me. You know, like I always do. I play the songs, he's like "Who that spittin'?" I'm like "It's me." He's like "Oh, well okay."
Uhh, he started talkin' to me on the phone, going back and forth
Just askin' me to send him beats, and I'm thinking he's trying to get into managing producers, 'cause he had this other kid named Just Blaze he was messin' with
So won't you raise your glass, won't you?
So won't you raise your glass, won't you?
So won't you raise your glass, won't you?
So won't you raise your glass, won't you?
And um, he was friends with my mentor, No ID. And No ID told him, "Look, man, you wanna mess with Kanye you need to tell him that you like the way he rap"
No ID: "Yo, you wanna sign him, tell him you like how he rap"

[Saxophone Solo]
I was all, I dunno if he was gassin' me or not but he's like he wanna manage me as a rapper AND a producer

[Hiphop: "I'll sign you as a producer and a rapper"]
I'm like oh shit. I was messin' with, uh, D-Dot also. People were like this, started talking about the ghost production but that's how I got in the game.
If it wasn't for that, I wouldn't be here. So you know, after they picked that "Truth" beat I was figuring I was gonna do some more work but shit just wasn't poppin' off like that. I was stayin' in Chicago, I had my own apartment, I be doin' like, just beats for local acts just to try to keep the lights on, and then to go out and buy, get a Pelle Pelle off lay-away, get some Jordans or something or get a TechnoMarine, that's what we wore back then
I made this one beat where I sped up this Harold Melvin sample
I played it for Hip over the phone, he's like, "Oh, yo that shit is crazy Jay might want it for this compilation album he doin', called
The Dynasty
.
And at that time, like the drums really weren't soundin' right to me So I went and um,
I was listening to Dre
Chronic 2001
at that time.
And really I just, like bit the drums off "Xxplosive" and put it like with a sped-up sample, and now it's kind of like my whole style, when it started, when he rapped on "This Can't Be Life."
And that was like, really the first beat of that kind that was on
The Dynasty
album.
I could say that was the the resurgence of the soul sound You know, I got to come in and track the beat and at the time I was still with my other management. I really wanted to roll with Hip Hop 'cause I, I just needed some fresh air, you know what I'm sayin' 'cause I been there for a while. I appreciated what they did for me but, you know there's a time in every man's life where he gotta make a change. Try to move up to the next level.
And that day I came and I tracked the beat and I got to meet JAY-Z and he said, "Oh you a real soulful dude."

[JAY-Z: "Oh you a real soulful dude, man"]
And he, uh, played the song 'cause he already spit his verse by the time I got to the studio. You know how he do it, one take
.
And he said

[JAY-Z: "Check this out, tell me what you think of this, right here"]
"Tell me what you think of this." And I heard it, and I was thinking like, man, I really wanted more like of the simple type JAY-Z. I ain't want like the, the more introspective, complicated rhy- or the... in my personal opinion. So he asked me, "What you think of it?"

[JAY-Z: "So what you think of this?"]
And I was like, "Man that shit tight," you know what I'm sayin', man what I'ma tell him?
I was on the train, man, you know. So after that, I went back home.
And man I'm, I'm just in Chicago, I'm trying to do my thing. You know, I got groups. I got acts I'm trying to get on, and like there wasn't nothin' really like poppin' off the way it should have been.
One of my homies that was one of my artists, he got signed. But it was supposed to really go through my production company, but he ended up going straight with the company. So, like I'm just straight holdin' the phone, gettin' the bad news that dude was tryin' to leave my company. And I got evicted at the same time. So I went down and tracked the beats from him, I took that money, came back, packed all my shit up in a U-Haul, maybe about ten days before I had to actually get out so I ain't have to deal with the landlord 'cause he's a jerk. Me and my mother drove to...

[Donda West: "Come on, let's just go"]
...Newark, New Jersey. I hadn't even seen my apartment. I remember I pulled up...

[Donda West: "Kanye, baby, we're here"]
...I unpacked all my shit.
You know, we went to Ikea, I bought a bed, I put the bed together myself.
I loaded up all my equipment, and the first beat I made was, uh, "Heart of the City."
And Beans was still working on his album at that time
,
so I came up there to Baseline,
it was Beans' birthday, matter of fact, and I played like seven beats. And, you know I guess he was in the zone, he already had the beats that he wanted, I had did "Nothing Like It" already at that time but then Jay walked in. I remember he had a
Gucci bucket hat
on. I remember it like, like it was yesterday.
And Hip-hop said, "Yo play that one beat for him." And I played "Heart of the City." And
really I made "Heart of the City," I really wanted to give that beat to DMX

[Hiphop: "No I think Jay gon' like this one right here"]
And I played another beat, and I played another beat. And I remember that Gucci bucket, he took it and like put it over his face and made one of them faces like 'OOOOOOOOOOH.'
Two days later I'm in Baseline and I seen Dame. Dame didn't know who I was and I was like, "Yo what's up I'm Kanye."

[Dame: "Yo, you that kid, Kanye?"]
"You that kid that gave all them beats to Jay?
Yo, this nigga got classics to your beats"

[Dame: "Jay got classics, G."]
You know I ain't talkin' shit. I'm like "oh shit." And all this time I'm starstruck, man.
I'm still thinking 'bout, you know I'm picturing these niggas on the show,
The Streets is Watching
, I'm lookin', these were superstars in my eyes. And they still are, you know.
So, Jay came in and he spit all these songs like in one day, and in two days... I gotta bring up one thing, you know, come back to the story, the day I did the 'Can't be Life' beat on track, I remember Lenny S, he had some Louis Vuitton sneakers on, he think he fly. And Hip Hop was there, I think Ty-Ty, John Meneilly, a bunch of people. I didn't know all these people at the time they was in the room, and I said, "yo Jay I could rap."
And I spit this rap that said, uh "I'm killin' y'all niggas on that lyrical shit. Mayonnaise colored Benz, I push miracle whips." And I saw his eyes light up when I said that line. But you know the rest, the rap was like real wack and shit, so that's all the response. He said, "Man that was tight."

[JAY-Z: "That, that was cool. That was hot."]
That was it. You know, I ain't get no deal then, hehe. Okay, fast forward.
So,
Blueprint
, "H to the Izzo," my first hit single.
And I just took that proudly, built relationships with people.
My relationship with Kweli I think was one of the best ones to ever happen to my career as a rapper. Because, you know, of course, later he allowed me to go on tour with him. Man, I appre-- I love him for that.
And at this time, you know I didn't have a deal, I had songs, and I had relationships with all these A&R's
,
and they wanted beats from me, so they'd call me up, I'd play them some beats. "Gimme a beat that sound like JAY-Z." You know, they dick riders.
Whatever.
So I'll play them these post-
Blueprint
beats or whatever and then I'll play my shit. I'll be like, "yo but I rap too." Hey, I guess they was lookin' at me crazy 'cause you know, 'cause I ain't have a jersey on or whatever.
Everybody out there listen here: I played them "Jesus Walks" and they didn't sign me.
You know what happened, it was some A&R's that fucked with me though, but then like the heads, it'd be somebody at the company that'll say, "Naw." Like, Dave Lighty fucked with me,
my nigga Mel brought me to a bunch of labels.
Jessica Rivera, man...

[Jessica: "Man, you niggas is stupid if y'all don't sign Kanye, for real."]
I'm not gonna say nothin' to mess my promotion up
["Y'all niggas is stupid"]
Let's just say I didn't get my deal.
The nigga that was behind me, I mean, he wasn't even a nigga, you know? The person who actually kicked everything off was Joe 3H from Capitol Records. He wanted to sign me really bad

[Joe: "We gonna change the game, buddy."]
Dame was like, "Yo you got a deal with Capitol? Okay, man, just make sure it's not wack."

[Dame: "You gotta make sure it's not wack."]
Then one day I just went ahead and played it, I wanted to play some songs, 'cause you know Cam was in the room, Young Guru, and Dame was in the room.
So I played... actually it's a song that you'll never hear, but maybe I might use it. So, it's called 'Wow.'
"I go to Jacob with 25 thou, you go with 25 hundred, wow
I got 11 plaques on my walls right now
You got your first gold single, damn, nigga, wow."
Like the chorus went. Don't bite that chorus, I might still use it. So I play that song for him
and he's like "oh shit"

[Dame: "Oh shit it's not even wack."]
"I ain't gonna front, it's kinda hot."

[Dame: "it's actually kinda hot."]
Like they still weren't looking at me like a rapper. And I'm sure Dame figured, 'Like man. If he do a whole album, if his raps is wack at least we can throw Cam on every song and save the album, you know
.
So uh Dame took me into the office, and he's like "yo man, B, B, you don't want a brick, you don't want a brick"

[Dame: "you don't wanna catch a brick"]
"You gotta be under an umbrella, you'll get rained on."
I told Hip-hop and Hip-hop was all, "oh, word?" Actually, even with that, I was still about to take the deal with Capitol 'cause it was already on the table and 'cause of my relationship with 3H. That, you know, 'cause I told him I was gonna do it, and I'm a man of my word, I was gonna roll with what I said I was gonna do.
Then, you know, I'm not gonna name no names, but people told me, "oh he's just a producer-rapper,"
and told 3H that told the heads of the Capitol, and right-- the day I'm talking about, I planned out everything I was gonna do. Man, I had picked out clothes, I already started booking studio sessions, I started arranging my album, thinking of marketing schemes, man I was ready to go. And they had Mel call me, they said, "yo... Capitol pulled on the deal"

[Mel: "Yo, Capitol pulled out on the deal."]
And, you know I told them that Roc-A-Fella was interested and I don't know if they thought that was just something I was saying to gas them up to try to push the price up or whatever.
I went up... I called G, I said, "man, you think we could still get that deal with Roc-A-Fella?"
So won't you raise your glass, won't you?
So won't you raise your glass, won't you?
So won't you raise your glass, won't you?
So won't you raise your glass, won't you?
<|song_end|>
<|song_start|>
[Intro]
I woke this mornin' undecided
My demons takin' over my life, yeah
Sooner or later it's a family divider
These patterns gettin' hard to hide, yeah
They say I should be satisfied
They tell me I got the world, but that's a lie
I wish the way I feel could be pacified, sometimes

[Chorus]
I wish I was somebody
Anybody but myself
Oh, I wish I was somebody
Anybody but myself

[Verse]
If I told you I'm 'bout to break would you look at me different?
Character out of place, would I lose your attention?
Let me know your intentions, cause lately I been watchin' everybody
It's apparent that transparency never seen monotony
Got off of tour, lookin' for closure
Mixin' emotions of bein' grateful and feelin' like some of y'all gettin' over
What's a puppet on stage, singin' and dancin' ablaze?
But trading his worth, distorted by the moneys that's made
A slave with a verse, I feel like Prince Rogers
I feel liberation is free, I feel I should miss the Oscars
Are you celebrating me as the artist or just a profit?
A question I have for the ones around me that's turnin' toxic
My lungs been heavy from all the smokescreen boobytraps
Reminiscin' on what it was, and knowin' that this ain't that (You're not good enough)
The voices come alive (The voices come alive)
I vision a rock in a hard place
Hope my daughter isn't born with a piece of my heartbreak
You know stress carries on and your kids reap the mistakes that you made
And I admit that I can be dismissive if I can't relate
And I admit that I only commit to stop playin' games
And I admit that I'm bad at talkin' myself out of shame
But who's to blame when the crowds stop cheerin' and they passin' dirty looks?
I now understand that I'll never be understood

[Instrumental Break]
I wish I was somebody, anybody but myself
I wish I was somebody, anybody but myself

[Verse 2]
Isolation didn't work for me (Work for me)
Socializing didn't work for me even
Prayed about it, didn't work for me (Work for me)
You can't cure this disease
The pain too traumatic for relief
Pull up the curtains, let the audience see

[Chorus]
I wish I was somebody (Somebody else, oh, somebody else, oh)
Anybody but myself (Somebody else, oh)
Oh, I wish I was somebody (Somebody else, oh)
Anybody but myself
<|song_end|>